thankfully i still have most of these picks. i'm always losing them, but they work super well and i will always buy this brand from now on. 5
hey jerks, do you play guitar?  well, if you do, you need strings.  well, you could be an experimental guitarist playing a stringless guitar.  if so, you can stop reading.  if you use strings, you should buy them your damn self.  while you're at it, buy ten sets.  seriously, are you a child?  always have extra strings.  d'addarios last a long time for me, and they sound good.  also, they're on the bottom end of the price range.  buy some strings, douchnozzle. 5
great tuner! it is very simple to use and the articulating head allows me to see better while tuning the guitar. i will buy another one of this. 5
this pedal is ok at best there are a lot better metal pedals out there the only thing this one really has going for it is it has a built in noise gate other wise this pedal is pretty thin sounding and has far to much gain then you will ever need. i would personally recommend the electro-harmonix metal muff over this any day it is a better sounding pedal for about the same price. 2
wow, i'm really impressed with this tuner.  strumming the strings gives you a quick overview of which strings are out of tune and as you tune each string it automatically switches to a chromatic mode.  it's quick, it's accurate, and it just works......well!!! 5
the only negative to this well made capo is i wish the tension was slightly less.  i find that once placed, notes played closer to it are slightly sharp even using light pressure.  it will work out just fine though and i will just have to make a few adjustments in tuning to correct for this. 4
arrived fast, had them up and running in minutes.  it was easy to adjust my eq on my laptop to produce awesome listening music, just beautiful, clear, nicely separated sound.  i wouldn't use these for high volume stuff, the sound is almost delicate, and very precise in its separation.  the classical musician's in our guild loved the sound, that should tell you something.  stunning, really.  they are, in fact, exactly what they are advertised to be - top notch small room project studio monitors.  i readjusted my eq for the needed flat response for sound engineering and i was extremely pleased with the results.  the sound you can get out of these is so varied that we needed to give our hearing time to adjust, as the flat studio mixing eq sounded horrible at first, as it should!  i have been in and out of studios for 30 years and i can say, used appropriately, these are excellent near-field mixing monitors.  take time to review the set up data from m-audio, its good stuff, and don't ask these little beauties to be everything, just let them be what they were made to be . . . and enjoy!  we ended up re-mixing half a dozen acoustical songs off a recent project with these via cubase 7 and the general consensus is that the mixes improved by 30%. 5
i don't use these alot, but when i play jazz style music or ballads, they work better without playing with heavy attack and give a more mellow tone to the solo's. 5
ever since i saw a vid with mark tremonti where he says that he heard a lot of musicians used jazz 3 picks, and after having tried them that he simply couldn't use an other pick.. i decided to try them out.. and i fell instantly in love with the regular jazz iii picks!i always had issues holding picks and keeping them &#34;put&#34; while i played and the jazz iii was no exception so it didn't bother me..meaning i didn't really feel like there was a problem other than me, being that problem... then i read about this new ultex thingyit looked like a jazz iii and every one seemed to like it..sooo i figured why not have a go at it... i was skeptical about this &#34;impossible to drop&#34; thing which i read..so i was dieing to feel them... well they came.. i tried them and after playing for a while i didn't even notice that i hadn't once readjusted my pick..... not once ... it was like there was no pick.. i started paying closer attn and more and more i realized that this thing really is what its hyped up to be... it stays there... to me that's just freaking incredible! holy @#$@%# wow! i love this thing love it love it! 5
i really dig these.  i have been playing lead with them for a couple of weeks, and the worst thing is that when i drop them, they are impossible to find on my beige carpet.  the one i'm using has barely worn with at least 10 hours of playing on it.the size of the pick is the same as normal, it is just more tapered.  i tried to pick out stuff on the bass with it, but it was a little to much work as i dipped it too far into the strings, so i reverted back to a wider gator grip 1.14, which works better with the bigger strings. i am still searching for the world's perfect all-purpose pick. this works until then 5
i'm a beginner harmonica player, and this was perfect for me! i am able to practice with it easily, and it didn't cost me a fortune as some of the more professional harmonicas are. 5
i've been a musician for most of my life, playing primarily keyboards recently in the studio and with bands, saxophone and a little bass guitar. i've owned a six string guitar for 20+ years that has seen very little use. i had this misconception that my hands &#34;just weren't designed to play guitar&#34;. but recently my life changed a little bit. i have a young boy that's now master of my universe, a lot less room to leave musical gadgets lying about, and i now live in an apartment building where making a lot of noise tends to be frowned upon.i picked up this micro crush because i was originally looking for a micro marshall and i saw this pop up. i knew i already liked the sound of orange amps (better than marshall given my druthers of musical taste) and for $69 it seemed like not much of a reach to try it out for myself.shortly after a small package of value came to me with this charmingly tiny amp in it. my son's mom thought it was a toy &#34;it's so small!&#34; yes you might think so until you plug it in. the idea here is to sound loud without being loud. this amp is perfect for that.most of the time i have this thing turned up to about 1, 1 1/2, rarely up to 2 or beyond. i've got a simple effect chain going in: eh soul preacher (compressor/sustainer) -&#62; mx analog delay -&#62; cheap (but pleasant) chinese phaser -&#62; eh holy grail -&#62; amp. i use this as my &#34;clean&#34; sound without the overdrive. it is beautiful. a little dick dale-ish. then when i want a little edge i turn off the phaser and delay and turn on the overdrive. maybe nudge down the volume a little more and i can rock ac/dc licks at midnight without raising complaints from the neighbors. and it sounds ... big!no this is not the same as actually being loud. for one thing your ears won't ring. the cops won't come knocking to serve a noise complaint. knickknacks will remain on their knickknack shelves.  the dogs won't howl.but should you desire to rock out at midnight in your apartment building this amp fits the bill.so much so that i, the man with the hands &#34;just not made for guitar&#34; now have guitar callouses, a lust after a couple $1.5-$2k guitars one of which will soon come home with me and frankly a love for playing the guitar that i never had before in my life. this all because i can just set up my little rig next to the couch and it's always there. always ready to go. so i play while i'm watching football or baseball. i play while i'm watching the news. i play while i'm playing crazy 8's with my son. i play morning, noon and night. not only that but i'm actually getting to be not-that-bad at playing either. lots of playing/practice seems to inevitably make on better (hint: do those finger exercises too, they work).so i am not exaggerating when i reiterate my headline: this little amp changed my life (for the better).best buy for under $100 i've made since i bought my son his strider balance bike. which is orange too! 5
i use clayton 1.26mm picks, a heavy pick but certainly not oversized. my picks don't fit!!! if i shove them in, i can't get them out. also, this thing is huge for the back of the neck. 1
i prefer woven cables for looks. they have a nice stage presence. hosa has been a very reliable brand for my cables. i don't move around on stage so the 18 feet gives enough length to connect to my mixer. this cable is just a little stiffer than some i have but that's ok for me and i'm sure it will wear well if you move around on stage. 5
i have a lot of pedals.... including many delays and echos...the mxr is just little more organic and warm in tone and response then my aqua puss, eh delux memory boy, ibanez, boss, and lets not even get into the behringer stuff...  :)i like the chorus-like mod button.  very lush and sweet to listen too.  not as feature rich as some of my other delays, but a tad more appealing to the ear then the others to me.  simple to use, compact and well built.  i like using this clean... but even it's ability to take some distortion is pretty good.this is simliar to my favorite echo (the morely ecv from the 70's) in that is has that real warm surrounding sound to it.  lush is the right word.hope this helps. 5
mine came flattened in a little box.  i wasn't happy that its form was deformed.  well in a few days it popped back into shape so i didn't have to ship it back.  a good sign!i am using it for both some music and computer stuff.  the bag is well made considering its price.  you cannot even get a backpack for this price.  i love its depth.  a number of these types of bags are too shallow so the zipper is about to burst once loaded.  this is a solid 4"+ depth and cozy padding around it for protection.  be sure to check out all the dimensions though.  its very long - i was a bit surprised but that was me misreading it.  i think i saw "micro" and thought shorter.not only is this a great music tote but also a decent computer / electronic or other tool tote for equipment that is wider than a brief bag or backpack.  i'm thinking of getting another because of this.the only minus is that i wish the outside pocket was a little larger and maybe had an inside pocket or folder / paper slot.  but these are just wish list items.  finding padded bags this size is a pain so if you need this your options are limited.  lucky this is a good option. 5
works great and doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  quality is good and holds a microphone with confidence.  great price too. 5
this is a wonderfual addition to help maintain the humidity for your guitar, this product is recommended by taylor guitars. 5
i am 65 years old and have been taking violin lessons for about nine months.  as you can imagine, i need to practice a lot!  my wife of 43 years does not enjoy my practicing...especially when i practice monotonous scales.i saw the glaesel violin ultra practice mute demonstrated on an online violin instructor's web site.  i love it!  easy to put on and take off. the rubber won't hurt your violin, bridge or strings. you can barely hear it in the next room.  you can actually control how much the mute actually mutes your violin by raising it a little bit above the bridge.  my violin's tone doesn't change much at all with this mute.now i can practice all i want without fear of my wife divorcing me! 5
this music stand is og great quality and of a great price.i have been very pleased with it. i have bought on-stage stands in the past before, so i was sure that i wouldn't be disaapointed and i was right.very sturdy-well built-good price. 5
this has a nice smell, and is good for maintaining the wood on the neck of your guitar. best used when replacing strings, so you can apply while the strings are off. 5
this stand is designed to work on electric guitars, not acoustic or acoustic/electric guitars.  the arms that support the guitar are short and not adequate for acoustic guitars.  this is however perfect for my lp and sg guitars.  i love its size and portability. 5
being very disappointing by the sensitivity of the snark sn 1, i purchased this bargain priced tuner, i could not be more pleased. it has settings for chromatic, bass, guitar, and ukulele. not only does it have tone dial indicator, but the screen changes color, red for flat, green for just right, yellow for sharp. the screen is also very bright and easy to read. it is very sensitive, no need to constantly move it around like with the snark sn 1. it is tiny, perfect for carrying in your pocket or purse. i use mine for when i go to the music store and test out ukuleles. this makes a perfect main tuner, or a nice inexpensive backup to more expensive tuners. my main tuner is a snark sn 8, but this one is just as accurate. the only negatives i can find is that the hinge seems kinda delicate, so you don't want to force it, and the power button is very tiny, but for the size and performance of the unit, those low points are almost irrelevant. buy a couple, you can get two or three of these for the price of a single snark or korg. 5
i wanted a pickup for my relatively inexpensive violin. it sounds pretty good for the price i paid for it. i was actually in the market for an electric violin and while shopping amazon ran across this inexpensive pickup for an acoustic. i purchased it at the same time i bought the electric violin. naturally when the electric arrived, i laid the acoustic pick up off to the side and went to work on the electric. a few days later i thought i would give the pickup a try. it slides right in and out of an f hole with no problem. i plugged it into my fender amp with a little reverb and wow is how i can describe what came out. it sounded like i was in a great concert hall. of course there is no adjustments on the pickup so everything is done with the settings on the amp. whatever your amp is capable of, your violin can do it. now i haven't tried to blow it up or anything but the sound is tremendous. cant say enough except the price was so low i couldn't have gone wrong too bad. 5
you can compare this to a pearl or any other popular stand ,your just not going to have the pay that hi price try it you'll like it ! 5
this thing is amazing. like many i cannot afford a tube amp. this transforms my solid state amps into something very comparable to the tube amps i played years ago. sustain and harmonics are insane. preamp is very precise and allows for a nice variety of tones.the unit is very heavy and rugged. the only component i would be concerned with over time is the battery adapter but this is replaceable at low cost. 5
i use these in my home studio as inserts and they work great. no complaints.on a side note, i always clean all my cables with caig deoxit gold g5 spray contact conditioner 5 oz.and hightly recommend it to all musicians, you will hear the differnce. i also spray a q-tip and and clean all the jacks on my guitars and instruments. 5
the best look and performance on a fender guitar.  i've used the schaller & fender pinch top and found these to be the best performing, easiest to use, and best looking.  it does have a larger profile, but i find it flattering to the fender guitar form.  easy to install and have never failed me.  i like that there are three pins to ensure a proper grip rather than one pin holding in in a channel like the schaller & its clones. outside of security (which i find greater with 3 pins) it all boils down to personal preference when it comes to strap locks. 5
this small device has amazing quality. the built-in mic records very well compared to those tiny hand-held mono-recorders. mic gain controls boost volume but add some noise (like reviews state) but when used on low-gain, record quite well. audio-in records even better when used with good microphones and a mixer (i used a behringer u-802) for amazingly clear recordings. several types of sdhc cards work well and have not found a card that did not work with this device. even nimh (1.2v) batteries can power this, although alkaline (1.5v) last longer.con: the plastic case is vulnerable to scratches and breakages so treat carefully. 5
these are solid cables -- tight fit in receptacles, no introduction of noise, and no discernible loss of signal. especially considering the price, these are brilliant. i was like some of the reviewers wondering if such an economical cable could be any good, but i trusted their judgment and gave these a try and so count me in among those who weren't sure but have become convinced that hosa knows how to make a great cable, and to do so without the need to charge monster prices. 5
i picked these up on impulse &#8211; they were on a good sale and i was dissatisfied with my older, cheaper set of panasonic over-the-ears.  i'm glad i did &#8211; these are excellent headphones and they've exceeded my expectations on just about every level.  the sound quality is exceptional and they do a very solid job of blocking external noise.  they feel extremely sturdy and well-made, from the cans themselves to the nice, thick coiled cord (although a removable cord would be a nice bonus).  finally, and this is important, they're incredibly comfortable.  as a video editor, i often wind up wearing headphones for hours at a time.  the cans rotate on two axis, so they conform to the shape of your head and the headband is thick and well-padded.  they grip your head snugly, without that horrible &#34;vice grip&#34; feeling.i've heard several reviewers say that these are the best headphones to be found for under $200.  i haven't tried enough pairs to make that judgement, but i will say that i highly recommend them.  it's one of the best purchases i've made in a long time. 5
the taylor strap is very nice and works like a strap should. you will notice that it does not slip around once over the shoulder like the nylon cheap straps do. 5
behringer is a problematic company for me. some of their stuff has been useful far beyond its modest, entry-level pricing (e.g. a-500 studio amplifier, uca-202 dac, eurorack ub-502 mini-mixer)...and some of their stuff hasn't served me well at all (e.g. gm-108 amplifier, btr-2000 rack tuner).across the web, reviews for the to-800 are uniformly favorable. based on this, i purchased one instead of paying many times more for an ibanez ts-808. this proved to be a good decision. the to-800 produces exactly the sort of sound enhancement that made "seasick green" justly famous: creamy smooth to raunchy depending on my whim.the same sound for a lot less money? what's the catch? i'm a musical hobbyist. the to-800 will sit safely on my office floor and, most likely, never be actuated by my foot. the behringer's shoddy plastic case and flimsy little control knobs, for me, are not liabilities. if i was a gigging musician on the other hand, i'd want the tank-solid construction of "the real thing" and its additional cost would be well justified. 5
these are good heads. i have played them on several drum sets and have been pleased with their sound, look and feel. this is a super solid price too. 4
i like the capo, only it seems a little stiff when opening it up to put it on or take it off.  it was actually a bronze color instead of gold, but that's not a big deal to me.  i'm interested on the durability of this, but for the price, how can you go wrong? 4
my newest amp (the marshall jvm410 joe satriani) replaced the reverb with noise gates...a function i absolutely love. but then i needed a reverb pedal. honestly, there are more expensive pedals out there, but this will do exactly what they do for a lot less money. give it a try. i've been using it for a few weeks and i'm extremely happy with it. 4
perfect retrofit for my 1989 american strat. the locking mechanism is strong. no problems at all. i like to stay brand loyal, so i honestly think these tuners will go on the rest of my fender collection. tuning is a breeze and is very stable. 5
i was a bit disappointed in this gadget.  it just doesn't have the quality sound that i expected from the material written about it.  i've had much better luck with a simple interface between my guitar and iphone or ipad.  that arrangement isn't as compact as this vox product, but the sound is much more pleasing. 3
the larger ones sometimes have the neck snap so i thought this might be the answer.  the answer is to treat your larger snarks nicer cause this thing on the back of your guitar with no adjustments simple doesn't cut it.  i have to move the guitar and crane my neck to see the display.  i'm quite disappointed and it sits here with no use.  it is cheap though.  still to me it was money out the window. 2
a strap is a strap, what can you really say about it? it was about $5 with prime shipping and connected to my guitar just fine. it's comfortable and fits my bass well. i'm a bigger guy and have plenty of length if i needed it. nice value. 5
i bought the wall mounts for a more permanent solution, but this lightweight little stand is sturdy and adjustable. i just move it around the house wherever i feel like playing. fold it up to take with me when i go out of town. everyone who sees it loves it. 5
i love this amp. here are the reasons: solidly made, everything is high quality.  best of all it comes with fender fuse software whereby you can hook it up to your pc using the usb cable (included) and &#34;control&#34; all of the amps features over and above the actual settings on the amp(without even touching the knobs) including special effects like various stomp box add-ins, effects like reverb, distortion, phaser, factory presets on the dials etc and you can even select different amps on the pc screen visually. you can also go online through the app and download presets other people have created. if you want to play a pink floyd song you can download a david gilmour preset and there you go. you got your dark side of the moon and the wall preset ready to go.  this is so cool and 20 watts beats 10 and works for me.  i can record directly from the amp into my pc mixpad software program. 5
i have k&k pickups in other guitars.  this is the first one i've bought that had the smaller transducers.  it needs a preamp unlike the now discontinued pure western with the larger transducers.  like other k&k pickups it sounds darned good.  with a decent pa head and good speakers you can get a very natural sound with hardly any tweaking.  the pickup is easy to install if you can ream out the end pin hole to accommodate the strap jack.  this one comes with an ingenious diy installation jig made from, i'm not kidding, cardboard, golf tees, and double sided tape.  it makes placement a snap.  the best pickup is still an external mic, but for noisy situations where feedback is a problem these pickups are the answer.  you can induce feedback but you can go to an adequate level for most situations.  they sound much more natural than a magnetic or under saddle pickup. 5
this stand (it just arrived in the mail) will be durable in the years to come with my music i can tell. awesome stand and i would recommend to anyone! 5
fit my mim strat perfectly, not much else to say.  always buy fender parts for fender guitars, dont be cheap and order china copies on ebay, they wont fit. 5
i've had several pods and have never really been impressed with their tone. right out of the box, the hd 500 totally blew me away. i know their marketing calls it "hd" because of the added tonal characteristics, and it's true - there is a huge difference between the hd series and the older pods. i can't really say why they sound better, but to my ears the amp models sound significantly better than the older pods without much tweaking and no eqing (although one can tweak the tone with several eqs).one complaint with the older pods (that i agree with) was that one could never seem to get a great high gain tone. this is not the case with the hd 500. i've been able to get some great high gain tones out of it without much work.at first, i purchased theline 6 pod hd 300because i didn't see the value of the hd 500. after thinking about it, i decided to pick up the hd 500 and compare the two pedals. i definitely think the hd 500 is worth the extra cash, even for a hobbyist such as myself. there are extra controls on the looper, and extra record time. the wah pedal seems to be better constructed on the 500s (i could be wrong, but i do remember them being different). the dual tone feature and flexible routing options of the hd 500 are amazing. i'm sure i'm forgetting some differences, but i know i'm happy that i went with the hd 500 over the hd 300.the drivers seem to work great on both windows 7 pro 64-bit and mac os 10.6 (they have 64-bit mac drivers now). the included software is ok - i get the feeling they are still building it out. it's a bit glitchy but seems to work ok for the most part. the software updater works great and i've already had a couple of firmware updates since i purchased the hd 500 (bug fixes). there is also a much anticipated firmware upgrade coming at the end of this month that will add six more amp models and several adjustable parameters that are supposed to really help dial in the correct "tube amp feel and behavior".i nearly purchased the m13 to plug into myfender super champ xd electric guitar amplifier, but i noticed the hd 500 had the same number of effects plus amp modelling for the same price! i know the two pedals are designed for different purposes, but for me the hd 500 made much more sense. i can use it to practice with headphones, or plug into my amp as an effects pedal. to use it as an effects only pedal, one need only disable the amp modeling and set the output mode to match the appropriate amp setup. i also decided to test playing the hd 500 directly into abehringer eurolive b215d active 550-watt 2-way pa speaker system with 15-inch woofer and 1.35-inch compression driver, which may replace my other amps as my primary rig (i get the behringer today, so we'll see).the build quality over the pod x3 live has improved. the case is now entirely metal vs. a combination of metal and plastic. i can definitely see this being heavy road/gig worthy. i also purchased agator gk2110 compact keyboard gig bag, which fits the hd 500 (albeit very snugly).overall i'm very happy with this setup, and recommend this amp modeler/effects pedal to anyone looking to practice at home (especially with headphones) on a wide variety of musical styles. 5
great stand, holds my mid sized keyboard up very well.  not sure how it works for some behemoths but for the basic setup its fine. 5
i am just learning the mandolin and bought this as a afterthought and i am glad i did, i am a longtime guitar player and the way you hold a pick for a guitar and for a mandolin are totally different combine this with the twin string setup on the mandolin and how close the twin strings are to each other and i have suddenly developed a case of the clumsys as far as keeping hold of my pick, its bad enough dropping my pick in the middle of a jam session but it would be worse having to go fishing around for it or a replacement, i stuck this on the back of my mandolins head between the strap and the tuners so when i drop my pick i just flick a new one out and continue on. 5
(star rating based on price) great for home use, but dragging it on the road i dont know how long it would last. 4
this tuner is tiny and works as advertised to tune my guitar, bass and banjo.  i have tested it against other, older and larger tuners and all tune to the same accuracy, which is very good.i docked it one star because the screen doesn't stay on (in my opinion) long enough when i am trying to tune a string.  when i pick a string, the screen flashed for a brief second with the tuning information and then goes blank.  it works, but i find other tuners easier to use that have screens that stay on longer with each pick.perhaps a more experienced guitar play may only need that brief flash of tuning information to tune a screen, but for me i find it easier to have the tuning information displayed longer.also this tuner is tiny.  i can leave it on my instrument when i put the instrument in a case, no problem at all.  the flip side of this is that the screen is tiny too.  really tiny...almost hard to read tiny.  you need to decide if this tiny size is an advantage or disadvantage for you. 4
i ordered these because i wanted to deck the tremolo on my strats because i don't really use the trem. i have a modern american standard and an american vintage reissue hot rod 62 strat. there are differences in the bridge and tremolo block but as far as i can tell the springs are the same other than the modern ones are black. my standard now has 3 black and 2 silver springs but the 62 hot rod has 5 of the silver which are a perfect match for the ones that it came with. easy to install and works like a charm. 5
this is 10 watt walkman size guitar amplifier. the controls are volume/ off, tone, and overdrive. it also has a headphone jack. in my honest opinion, it is a good headphone amplifier to use when to need to practice without disturbing people around you. the speaker sound is fine for a clean sound ( like jazz, or country) or semi distorted and more (rock). if your looking for an small amp. that will do metal this may not be for you. defintely get the danelectro da-1 ac power adapter instead of batteries because you may go through them quick. overall it's pretty good. 4
i have many expensive cases for my guitars and recently started playing bass,  but not too serious just wanted a nice little case for it. boy was i surprised, this case is awesome, great quality, fits bass without any problems and the storage inside is great. definetly reccomend this case 5
everything you need to make replacing strings nice and easy, add a headstand to hold the headstock up and you are set 5
i like the product a lot. for me, the only problem is the time of the "sustainer effect".it is not so long as i thought. i though it would be like the piano's sustainer. but it's a good pedal effect. my guitar get a good sound with the "attack effect". thank you. 4
not much to say about a guitar strap... except i had planned to use it on a simga acoustic without a pin at the neck. i ended up using the strap on my strat for the acoustic and this one is on the strat. this one doesn't come with a wrap or tie for the nut so, it is for use with a guitar with a pin at both sides of the body. if you need to secure one end at the headstock, this is not an option. it is comfortable though. 3
i don't know if 39" (from the top of the headstock to the bottom of the body {i know guitars are based on the size of the frets but no idea how to do that} ) is the normal size for an adult...however for $50 (its on sale at the time) even if its not i can still learn to play since thats why i bought it is to learn...the pick guard had some sort of plastic cover that was rough but doesn't really affect anything, since it seems like something was put on it to help shipping once removed the pick guard is fine.all togther whether its a full size adult or just one for kids its still pretty good.i am happy with it.good clean sound, at least with my headphone amp (only amp i have).comes with whammy bar(thats what i know it as), one volume, two tone, the pickup sector switch, the cord that connects your guitar to your amp.**edit**so now that amazon has grouped the guitar with many others (mostly the color differences) and that i have a little bit more knowlage of the guitar, not saying much really but a little bit, i have found that mine has two dead spots on the volume... not much of an issue, for me at least but worth mentioning. 5
a classic mic clip -- simple, inexpensive and durable enough. keep several spares in your kit; even the expensive ones break. 5
i love adding channels to amps, and that is exactly what this pedal does. it helped me create a separate fuzz/distortion channel that makes my rig extra versatile. it's built to last and solid as a rock. i love the different dirt it gets combined with my mxr carbon copy nooned across the board. insanity! i love my main rig distortion, but this definitely helps add depth, and doesn't tank my tone. last distortion pedal you'll ever need. 5
am totally pleased that i did not have to drill my guitar to use a strap on it ! works great,get one!!! 5
only used it a couple times so far but i like it. i like how it glides onto the strings of my acoustic guitar. as someone else mentioned it's hard to get the cloth back into the clear plastic bag inside the lid, though. but otherwise i think it's great. i like how it smells (does that make me strange?). 5
good bottom, the stainless give's you a nice treble,there's still a good flatwound sound, i use roundwound on my other basses but it was nice to come back. 5
these are great strings for such a "rare" instrument. not many people play the baritone yuke - it has a unique quality to it, sort of like a miniature classical guitar. these strings sound full and warm on the instrument. 5
not that many good products/accessories for ukuleles.  this one is perfect in size and price.  however, you must be creative when attaching it to the headstock.  just give it a little thought.  overall it's fine. 5
after receiving thedunlop dual design straplok systemalready installed on my gibson standard electric(7.36 lbs.), and liking them, i decided to try installing them on my gibson studio electric (7.23 lbs.). noproblem. just follow the instructions exactly and they will work perfectly.i had no problem either installing them nor using them since the installation. money well spent makingsure my stringed instrument does not accidentally fall to the ground. besides safety i also like being ableto swap out my straps on my guitars. it's a nice convenience. if you are so inclined you can use the samestrap for all your guitars.if you are not sure if they will work on your brand guitar seek out an online forum and either search thatforum for the answer or join and ask your questions. you've got a pricy piece of wood there and will wantto take care of it properly.what i don't care for, but feel okay with because they work so well, is how big they seem to be. theydon't get in the way when being used but look almost out of place. that is why i chose black for mysecond set. helps keep the product's profile down a bit. other than that, the product works asadvertised....note: as of june 2014 i have installed two other sets and all are still working as expected. do rememberto check and make sure your hardware is secure. after repeated use the screws can come loose and therewill be trouble if this happens. do not use any glue in case you need to swap out the straploks in thefuture. 4
not two weeks after i put these on the a string broke close to the ball on the string.  i break high e strings on occasion.  but something as thick as an a string?? maybe it was a defective string as i thankfully bought two sets and i was able to pull the a out of the other set and it has been fine since.  now however i have the dilemma of should i just buy more strings and just use the second set as i need them.  further more do i stick with the same brand.  that is supposed to last longer than average strings.  at this point i am going to keep playing this set until its time to change then go from there.  i will update once i decide if i should stick with this brand or go back to super slinky'supdate 3/25well another month went by(a week ago) and the d string broke in the same fashion leaving me to believe i either got defective strings are these strings are not as good as they are said to be. either way its losing another star.  if it happens with a different set of strings i will reevaluate my guitar/review and change accordingly 2
i picked up an old boss me-6b that required the boss bra-120 power supply. that thing outputs 12vac. it also has a different size connector. being that those wallwart power supplies go for around  thirty dollars, i wasn't interested. so instead i spent ninety more dollars on this fuel tank and got a dc power plug 5.5x2.1mm to 6.3x3.0mm female adapter. using  the 12vac output on my fuel tank chameleon works great. awesome overkill solution. it also powers everything else and looks fine doing it. 5
i have a hard time paying for a patch cable that costs almost as much as a 20' cable. these are not cheap but they are priced much better than others. and they work great! no loss of tone through these cables. if anything i had to do some eq adjusting because after using these i had a far greater signal (volume and frequency response) when i replaced my other patch cables with these!i love them!!! 5
i've just received my mustang i and have spent an hour playing with it and the fuse software.  this thing is outrageous for a practice amp and i've never heard anything like it in its price class and size!  with a good instrument mic and a decent monitoring system, i think you could probably gig with this thing.  one feature in the fuse software that no one seems to mention is the ability to add an overdrive or compressor module "post gain" (after the preamp). this is an incredibly useful tool for controlling the overdrive characteristics of the amp models.  in effect, fender has given this amp the ability to emulate power section saturation as the overdrive module sounds very different and much mellower post gain than pre gain (before the preamp like a normal stomp box).i don't know of any other dedicated modelers that do this except maybe the axe-fx - and that costs about 20 times more.  power section saturation is highly desirable and is the reason why we're seeing a lot of very low power tube amps like the fender champion 600 and bugera v5 these days. their problem is that they're pretty much useless for clean sounds at louder volumes - they don't have enough power for that so they're really only good for overdriven sounds.  not so the mustang i.  i think fender has hit the perfect combination of flexibility and and simplicity in one package.  this thing sounds way bigger than it looks and way better than its price would suggest. it has the classic fender sound and feel of many different fender amps without the weight, cost and tube replacement needs.  what's not to like? 5
these cables work well for my guitar, keyboard and drums.  they appear to hold up well under constant moving.  i will be getting more. 4
no problems at all with this product.  works well with the five string bass and amp purchased from amazon.  i would recommend this product. 5
i tried the dean markley blue steel light accoustic strings on my takamine guitar, and will soon replace them.  on quality control, the high e steel string in the set looks bad with dark spots on it, two of which show after stringing the guitar.  string did not break as i rather expected, but it looks bad.  on sound, these seemed okay at first, but i still find it hard to keep in tune after a week, especially the high b and e steel strings, which just don't sound that good to me.  and i find the low e wound string notes tend to be too high as i move up the neck, more so than other sets i have used.guess i'll go back to d'addario and ernie ball. 2
they do the job of lighting your music up and they are easy to clip onto your music stand. the switches on the lamps however are a bit flakey. 3
these cables work well in my jam space, they do seem a little thin if they were to be used heavily in gig'ing but at 1/3 the price, that's fair. don't get me wrong, these are good cables and for the price i am very happy; i'd buy more for sure. i would probalby uses these for gigging as well if i didn't have heavier duty jumpers available.as the title says, these are a great value and work well. 5
my classical guitar stand was metal and short, like this, but did not have the front brace or download slant. if i had this then my beloved flamenco guitar might not have tipped over and broken it's headstock on the hard flood. so sad. i mourn it still. 5
great deal for the price and very sturdily made. easy to assemble and feels very solid. way cheaper than i saw in guitar center. im very pleased with this stand. i bought two. 5
just use a smartphone to record stuff. this is a really weird, not very intuitive little device that has been antiquated by the iphone and other smart phones. not really worth the $75 - i returned mine. 1
very very useful.  like seriously, unless you are very very good, you can quickly get a sharper tuning with a snark than you can by ear. 5
i don't use it for any heavy use.  i use it for podcasting purposes.  haven't had any problems.  so i can't speak to really heavy use of the product. 5
i'm not a performing musician, so i actually use this on my guitar stand to keep a variety of picks close at hand.  holds everything from a .5mm nylon pick to a 3.1mm rubber pick, and i have yet to see one fall out.  simple solution to a simple problem. 5
this looper is serious worth every cent i spent on it. very simple, easy to use, and takes up less space on my pedal board than my altoids tin. the sound quality is perfect, i can record a loop and play it back through this thing and it still sounds like i am playing instead of a recorded loop (assuming i end the loop correctly). i run this in my effects loop of my ac-30's after the preamp and all the distortion i run beforehand (big muff, od, boost) all get captured clearly coming out of this pedal. the range of the loop level is perfect, just over noon and you match the input signal and over that allows you to boost your loop for a little more dynamics.i chose those over the digitech jamman express xt and i have to say it was worth the extra money, even though the sales person was a little disappointed.if you want a simple loop this is the one, it takes a little learning but once you figure it out you will love it. 5
as expected from hosa another great product.  solid construction and great sound reproduced.  i would recomed this product to everyone. 5
this is my second case from them. build good for carry and balance. brass color lock that comes with it. 5
i don't play with a guitar below my waist. i am six feet tall. while very well made, wide, comfortable and good looking, this sling was far too short and had to be returned. 3
it is inexpensive but is difficult to use  anywhere with other noise..i used it for several years but it is only a backup now.. nice part is that you can calibrate the tuning, although probably would not be used by most musicians.. other than that i think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner.. i would not recommend it. 2
this is a great stand.  in the past i have been plagued with light flimsy stands so decided to go for something that appeared solid and well made.  this one serves the bill.  i am impressed with the construction and so far it has been very stable.  it is not as handy to haul around as some of the more flimsy ones but the proof is what it does when it is in use.  i use it regularly for events and so far am very pleased. 5
as i mentioned in the title, this simply snaps to the stand and holds picks. enough said. it does its job and does it ok for my taste. 5
this hanger is very well padded and the padding can be adjusted to custom fit your guitar.  it holds the guitar perfectly spaced from the wall. 5
i like these strings. i have had nothing but problems with ernie ball strings, especially the higher ones unravelling at the ball ends and breaking as you are tuning up for the first time after a change. i have also found that the ernie balls break easily as well. i have had no problems with these, they sound good, feel good, and they are priced right. 5
this system works just okay.  try to turn it up and you get bad feedback.my microphone stopped working shortly after i purchased this item.  i contacted pyle to see about a replacement and got nothing but runaround from them.they couldn't give me a price for repair or to purchase a new one, or where i could even buy a replacement.very frustrating! 2
i bought this not knowing what to expect. it sounds just like i hear on tv and it sounds great. 5
this might be a really, really nice stand, but the one i received was defective-one of the small top separator arms that keep the guitar necks apart was unattached and won't attach, so i have to return it for a refund.  i'll probably buy another one afterward with the hopes that it's intact this time. 3
this is a great music stand.  very solid  feel.  no need to over tighten the adjusters.  it holds my heaviest books without tipping over. 5
use it with an sm58 shure mic in a studio type application. holds up great, mic does not slip. upside down, sideways. 5
i have had these on a les paul for years and just purchased some more for the rest of my guitars.  does what it says it will do - keeps your strap locked on.  i have had zero issues with these.  the installation takes 2 minutes, and has stood up to countless hours of play.  highly recommended! 5
i cannot shower enough praise on the lpb-1. it currently sells for about $40 and improves your sound when combined with any other pedal (especially overdrive/distortion pedals) or on its own. i keep it on all the time, since it always improves sound-quality. 5
sounds disgusting. very bright and clear highs, nothing beautiful in mids and totally muddy lows. don't hope to take chords on it. only on first 4 strings may be...try out fender's mini amp if you're searching for a little thing, or but a bigger one. 2
the name says it all. fast fret = fast fingers!  i played over 40 live shows from 45 min sets to 2.5 hr sets just this year on national stages.  my strings take a lot of abuse and slow down with all the sweat, grime, and dirt flying through the air. this stuff honestly works very well.  it is part of my regular arsenal. 5
my first reaction on opening the box that this came in was &#34;gee, it's a lot smaller than i expected.&#34; it looks like a cad equitek e100s but it's a fraction of the size. i'd even say it was cute. but how does it perform?i have two microphones i use for recording at my computer: a blue yeti usb electret mic, and a sampson samtr101a. of the two, the yeti is closer in design, as it uses an electret capsule and a built-in usb interface, like the go mic, so that's what i compared it to. i fired up garage band and plugged both microphones into the computer (a four year old imac) so i could lay down some parallel instrumental tracks with acoustic guitar, ukulele, and double bass.right off the bat i was impressed with the go mic's lack of latency; it was as good as the yeti- maybe better. there was no perceptible delay.  no need to find a special driver, either. plug it in and it's ready to go. there's even a headphone jack in the mic- something unusual in a package this tiny. sound was good, too, though perhaps not as uncolored as the yeti. i tried all three modes: carodid, carodid + -10bd pad, and omni. omni gave the best, clearest sound, not unexpectedly, but it was hard to get a good level when close miking. no matter how i backed down the volume in garage band i got clipping. using the -10db pad i was able to get some acceptable levels from a few feet away. best sound on all instruments was obtained from 6-10 feet using the omni mode.it has one advantage over the yeti: it's very modest in current requirements, so i can run it directly off my ipad. the two together make a nice portable recording/production combination. packaging is well thought out, too. the mic is permanently attached via a swivel  to a strong clip that also serves as a desktop stand, and when not in use the mic folds into the clamp for protection. and if that's not enough, there's a separate case to keep dust and dirt out of the mic.while the go mic wouldn't be my first choice for recording music, it would be a very acceptable one for recording musical ideas on the go, and perfectly acceptable for voice recording, podcasting, or skyping. 4
this works great for mic'ing guitar amps. the stand has a low profile but also extends up tall enough to handle just about any size amp or combo amp. 5
i bought pedal power 2 in order to use on my latest board build. this works perfectly and is actually fairly small for a power supply. i would say it is just a bit bigger than a pedal. it was easy enough to connect all my pedals and run the cables. my board looks great, works well, and i love this power supply 5
as the digital realm and the audio realm become one things like these will become increasingly rare. you will always find a place that does not keep up with the times though.that alone is a good enough reason to keep stuff like this around for now. 3
i got this cable to run to my electronic drum set at the other end of the studio as a previous cable failed on me.  the balanced lead works well and the cable is very quiet.  construction features too well soldered trs 1/4&#34; male connections and the only downside i can complain about is the lack of strain relief...but nothing major and the cables work fine none the less. 5
its ok for a bedroom amp its has a weird buzz that goes away when you touch any thing metal on the guitar even if the vol is all the way down and no its not the guitar i have plug it into other amps and no buzzing and it really dont like florescent lights im thinking about sending it back 3
i've been playing the uke since before they became popular again and must confess i own a quiver full of the addictive things (ranging from plywood beaters to a solid wood art object with an electric in between). over the years, i've tried several different brands of string. the truth is there was nothing wrong with any of them. it's just that the martin m600 strings seem a little bit more compliant than the others and this allows me to tease out a bit more articulation and tone. given that string changing is a frequent occurrence with multiple instruments to fuel, the martin string set's relatively low cost is a nice bonus. 5
nothing that spectacular really! it did it's job. was easy for my husband to use. made me able to use a strap on my guitar. 5
watch the review in one of the prior posts for fitting it properly to the yeti microphone.  works like a champ, gets rid of all those unwanted noises!  larger than i expected. 5
the main reason i bought this tuner and not similar offerings from boss or tc electronics, is because i had read prior to making the purchase that this is the most accurate at low tunings, and me being a bass player and sometimes playing drop a that is a must. i have to say that after owning it for a while i must agree. i've used other tuners when i happened to not bring this one along and  thats been my experience. also its easy to read which note you're on when you're on a dimly lit stage. 5
i like replacing the pickguard and other plastic parts to give my guitars a different look.  it takes under $40 (accessory kit + pickguard) to give your guitar a make over.money well spent. 5
really helpful both in live gigs and at home.great quality and i am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand 5
this tool definitely comes in handy for anyone who works on a guitar. it gets the job done easily and very fast. 5
although i purchased a lanikai lu-21 ukulele some time ago, i have not had the chance to play it for hundreds of hours.  despite that, i've been highly impressed with its quality and sound.  as some reviewers note, nylon strings have a tendency to go out of tune pretty quickly and to fret sharp; however, that's more of a function of the strings than a function of the ukulele.  the lanikai frets well all the way up the fretboard, although as seems to be the case with soprano ukuleles in general, it tends to sound better and more resonant in its lowest range.  the tuners seem solid and all four function consistently and the construction looks to be pretty solid as well.  if i were going to be playing gigs, i'd probably look for a more expensive and presumably higher quality instrument (and i probably would not purchase it without trying it first), but for having some fun, this is a workable and recommended instrument. 4
this installed easily. a nice feature is ability to unclip the shoulder pad from the mounts on the instrument.  when the pad is installed the strap is very comfortable and eased any shoulder pain i might have had with earlier straps.  a keeper for sure. 5
i bought this amp to use for practicing the electric guitar. there is so much debate out there about amps vs solid state (this is a solid state). people will make ridiculous claims if you choose not to purchase a $400 tube amp to practice through. (&#34;you're not getting the right tone, man....&#34; the problem with that is, there are several companies out there marshall, fender, vox, orange, etc....and they all have a variety of tube amps to choose from and they all begin in price around this one. so, i figured, before i committed to a company, maybe i could just use this fender to emulate some of those sounds i want.that worked out beautifully. though i am very much a beginner, i have a greater appreciation for the nuances an amp's eq can have on your guitar's tone. i thought i needed pedals to have some of these effects, instead i can just change the channel to a preset and there is all the flanger/reverb/modulation i need. i have got to the point where i understand about how just adjusting my volume/switching pickups and using the built in guitar knobs can alter my tone enough to stand out when i want to.i would not have been able to do that without this amp. this amp helped me develop as a beginner so i wouldn't waste money buying other things, beginners think they should get. excellent amp and i recommend getting this over the mustang ii. save the difference for your real amp that will come when you actually know a little more. 5
this is great product if you are chaining several pedals together. using just one wall wart you can power all of them, at least those that receive this kind of power 9v. where it went above and beyond duty was providing a l6 converter 'cl6' for line 6 products. i have an m-audio black box which had a peculiar size plug. it was 9v 1000ma but nothing would fit. then i tried the l6 converter and bingo i'm in business and black box bliss. i would recommend having it around just for that. it costs about the same as 1 odf any other kind of converter and gives you connecters for several different kinds of pedals which might just save your night when you can't find that particular adapter in the rats nest of other adapters. a pedal junkies salvation. 5
did a ton of research out there b4 i bought this. i can't believe that so many manufacturers are asking for hundreds for freaking sheets of bent metal! what a racket it is. if i could make one i would. this one was cheap and does the job. dunzos. 5
works well when jumping or combining your system with xlr's  for noise  and clear sound. ease in connecting and reconnecting system 4
i have a fender hod rod deluxe, and though it's got the formel electronics mod... still needed a nice touch.this guy filled the need! using the effects loop, no need of volume or gain, the sound is way much richer and definition for different types of guitars is beautiful. 5
i have been disappointed with the last eq pedal i owned witch was a boss ge7, it was very honkey and colored my tone to much, this pedal is much more musical the layout of the essential frequency's is great, plus they are lighted and very ez to see. and of course it is an mxr so it is built like a tank and will last for ever 5
* shipping.  the epiphone comes wrapped in  protective foam, inside a gig bag, which is inside a sturdy standard tri-shaped box, which is itself shipped inside a huge box twice its size and totally surrounded by sturdy bubble plastic.  that huge box is then inside yet another huge box.  honestly, to protect this better they'd have had to contact tony stark.  it would take real skill and intent to damage this thing in shipping.  excellent job.  5 stars on that alone.* size. overall length 24".  fretboard 10".  nut to bridge 15".  so good overall medium-size.  i like that it's a bit larger than a 20-21" soprano uke.  it is "concert" size (which i greatly prefer over soprano.  frankly, i'd like to see a baritone version).  the 24" length is an excellent size for both adult and youth / child fingers.* quality.  from stern to port, this instrument shines.  beautifully lacquered flawless finish, protective edging, plastic finger-guard (which itself was guarded in adhesive plastic), solid neck screw-joined to heavy-wood body.  the whole unit is heavy-wood and very durable.  nevertheless the sound is quite good.  the tuners are acceptable quality (nothing amazing, but they work well).  the frets are actual metal and not molded into the fingerboard like cheap ukes.  the amp-jack is chrome-metal back-plated to the body; it's not coming loose.  strap holders are already mounted, saving users the hassle.  and of course, the impressive epiphone and les paul signature stamps on the head for sheer class.* sound.  i found this to sound as good as most ukes right out of the box, despite the fact it's pretty solid-wood electric (i expected it to sound dull.  it doesn't.)  but i still bought a set of d'addario strings (a brand i've loved for years) and according to other reviews here expect the sound to improve significantly once those are added.* action. i've rarely seen a purchased instrument that has perfect action off the shelf and this is no exception. the action is fairly high (not uncommon with off-the-shelf instruments).  one will need to remove the strings (keep them for emergency spares), file down the bridge bottom (easily done with a flat surface and sandpaper) and add a new set of quality strings.  i'm a perfectionist when it comes to action (as are most players i know), so this will be tweaked.* durability.  it's very durable.  that counts for the gig bag too.  no cheap "tent nylon" there-- but thick nylon that will really resist tearing.  as others mentioned i'd still look for a decent hard case; they average under $40.  a good instrument is worth protecting.  but i'd say this could take some real punishment and still play well-- not that i'd go bashing it against a stage floor.  that would be goofy.* weird suggestion:  hang on to the box it comes in.  it makes a great temporary "hard shell" case. it's made of rather sturdy cardboard and does a pretty good job of protecting the uke.  great for hauling around in your car if you can't shell out for a shell. seriously... that is some stiff cardboard.  protects well.  : )* electronics.  the sound is clear. sadly there is no volume/tone control, no battery to preamp, and thus the signal to the amp was quite low.  they could have done better on that end.  but wow, at this price how can one gripe?two solutions to this:1) open up the end plate and totally replace the electronics with something better (including a tone and volume knob somewhere accessible).  that's the tricky way.2) put a preamp on this. you can buy one here on amazon for about 15 bucks. if you have a mini-mixer you can do the same thing with that.  even with that little extra expense you'll come out ahead.aside from the passive electronics... this is a prime instrument.  it is a mid-size uke so you can choose to string it either as a soprano (if you're careful and don't tune it too quickly) or a baritone (guitar 4th - 1st string, e-high), depending on the strings you choose.considering what you get for the price... i don't think this can be beat.  unfortunately, my extra-long fingers find this very difficult to play... something i didn't consider when ordering a uke.  but that's a physical difficulty and no fault of the instrument.  the product itself is excellent. 5
keeping in mind the difference types of guitars and pickups, these d'addario strings are good strings for all around use. they are suitable for rock, punk, country, and funk. sure, you could spend more on "boutique" specialty strings to give you that exact "vintage" sound, but these strings are just fine whether you play in the bedroom, garage or club.i like the light guage .010's because they are easy on the fingers, but are still beefy sounding compared to thin sounding .009's and .008's. 4
arrived on time..packaged well. happy with purchase...they are your regular picks..will order again if needed. happy with purchase. hope you enjoy em... 4
i have this tuner attached to my pedal board and it is fantastic. there are tons of settings and the leds are nice and bright for dark stages or bright outdoor venues.highly recommended 5
