thankfully i still have most of these picks. i'm always losing them, but they work super well and i will always buy this brand from now on. 5
hey jerks, do you play guitar?  well, if you do, you need strings.  well, you could be an experimental guitarist playing a stringless guitar.  if so, you can stop reading.  if you use strings, you should buy them your damn self.  while you're at it, buy ten sets.  seriously, are you a child?  always have extra strings.  d'addarios last a long time for me, and they sound good.  also, they're on the bottom end of the price range.  buy some strings, douchnozzle. 5
great tuner! it is very simple to use and the articulating head allows me to see better while tuning the guitar. i will buy another one of this. 5
this pedal is ok at best there are a lot better metal pedals out there the only thing this one really has going for it is it has a built in noise gate other wise this pedal is pretty thin sounding and has far to much gain then you will ever need. i would personally recommend the electro-harmonix metal muff over this any day it is a better sounding pedal for about the same price. 2
wow, i'm really impressed with this tuner.  strumming the strings gives you a quick overview of which strings are out of tune and as you tune each string it automatically switches to a chromatic mode.  it's quick, it's accurate, and it just works......well!!! 5
the only negative to this well made capo is i wish the tension was slightly less.  i find that once placed, notes played closer to it are slightly sharp even using light pressure.  it will work out just fine though and i will just have to make a few adjustments in tuning to correct for this. 4
arrived fast, had them up and running in minutes.  it was easy to adjust my eq on my laptop to produce awesome listening music, just beautiful, clear, nicely separated sound.  i wouldn't use these for high volume stuff, the sound is almost delicate, and very precise in its separation.  the classical musician's in our guild loved the sound, that should tell you something.  stunning, really.  they are, in fact, exactly what they are advertised to be - top notch small room project studio monitors.  i readjusted my eq for the needed flat response for sound engineering and i was extremely pleased with the results.  the sound you can get out of these is so varied that we needed to give our hearing time to adjust, as the flat studio mixing eq sounded horrible at first, as it should!  i have been in and out of studios for 30 years and i can say, used appropriately, these are excellent near-field mixing monitors.  take time to review the set up data from m-audio, its good stuff, and don't ask these little beauties to be everything, just let them be what they were made to be . . . and enjoy!  we ended up re-mixing half a dozen acoustical songs off a recent project with these via cubase 7 and the general consensus is that the mixes improved by 30%. 5
i don't use these alot, but when i play jazz style music or ballads, they work better without playing with heavy attack and give a more mellow tone to the solo's. 5
ever since i saw a vid with mark tremonti where he says that he heard a lot of musicians used jazz 3 picks, and after having tried them that he simply couldn't use an other pick.. i decided to try them out.. and i fell instantly in love with the regular jazz iii picks!i always had issues holding picks and keeping them &#34;put&#34; while i played and the jazz iii was no exception so it didn't bother me..meaning i didn't really feel like there was a problem other than me, being that problem... then i read about this new ultex thingyit looked like a jazz iii and every one seemed to like it..sooo i figured why not have a go at it... i was skeptical about this &#34;impossible to drop&#34; thing which i read..so i was dieing to feel them... well they came.. i tried them and after playing for a while i didn't even notice that i hadn't once readjusted my pick..... not once ... it was like there was no pick.. i started paying closer attn and more and more i realized that this thing really is what its hyped up to be... it stays there... to me that's just freaking incredible! holy @#$@%# wow! i love this thing love it love it! 5
i really dig these.  i have been playing lead with them for a couple of weeks, and the worst thing is that when i drop them, they are impossible to find on my beige carpet.  the one i'm using has barely worn with at least 10 hours of playing on it.the size of the pick is the same as normal, it is just more tapered.  i tried to pick out stuff on the bass with it, but it was a little to much work as i dipped it too far into the strings, so i reverted back to a wider gator grip 1.14, which works better with the bigger strings. i am still searching for the world's perfect all-purpose pick. this works until then 5
