thankfully i still have most of these picks. i'm always losing them, but they work super well and i will always buy this brand from now on. 5
this pedal is ok at best there are a lot better metal pedals out there the only thing this one really has going for it is it has a built in noise gate other wise this pedal is pretty thin sounding and has far to much gain then you will ever need. i would personally recommend the electro-harmonix metal muff over this any day it is a better sounding pedal for about the same price. 2
the only negative to this well made capo is i wish the tension was slightly less.  i find that once placed, notes played closer to it are slightly sharp even using light pressure.  it will work out just fine though and i will just have to make a few adjustments in tuning to correct for this. 4
i use clayton 1.26mm picks, a heavy pick but certainly not oversized. my picks don't fit!!! if i shove them in, i can't get them out. also, this thing is huge for the back of the neck. 1
i was a bit disappointed in this gadget.  it just doesn't have the quality sound that i expected from the material written about it.  i've had much better luck with a simple interface between my guitar and iphone or ipad.  that arrangement isn't as compact as this vox product, but the sound is much more pleasing. 3
hey jerks, do you play guitar?  well, if you do, you need strings.  well, you could be an experimental guitarist playing a stringless guitar.  if so, you can stop reading.  if you use strings, you should buy them your damn self.  while you're at it, buy ten sets.  seriously, are you a child?  always have extra strings.  d'addarios last a long time for me, and they sound good.  also, they're on the bottom end of the price range.  buy some strings, douchnozzle. 5
the larger ones sometimes have the neck snap so i thought this might be the answer.  the answer is to treat your larger snarks nicer cause this thing on the back of your guitar with no adjustments simple doesn't cut it.  i have to move the guitar and crane my neck to see the display.  i'm quite disappointed and it sits here with no use.  it is cheap though.  still to me it was money out the window. 2
these are good heads. i have played them on several drum sets and have been pleased with their sound, look and feel. this is a super solid price too. 4
just use a smartphone to record stuff. this is a really weird, not very intuitive little device that has been antiquated by the iphone and other smart phones. not really worth the $75 - i returned mine. 1
not much to say about a guitar strap... except i had planned to use it on a simga acoustic without a pin at the neck. i ended up using the strap on my strat for the acoustic and this one is on the strat. this one doesn't come with a wrap or tie for the nut so, it is for use with a guitar with a pin at both sides of the body. if you need to secure one end at the headstock, this is not an option. it is comfortable though. 3
great tuner! it is very simple to use and the articulating head allows me to see better while tuning the guitar. i will buy another one of this. 5
not two weeks after i put these on the a string broke close to the ball on the string.  i break high e strings on occasion.  but something as thick as an a string?? maybe it was a defective string as i thankfully bought two sets and i was able to pull the a out of the other set and it has been fine since.  now however i have the dilemma of should i just buy more strings and just use the second set as i need them.  further more do i stick with the same brand.  that is supposed to last longer than average strings.  at this point i am going to keep playing this set until its time to change then go from there.  i will update once i decide if i should stick with this brand or go back to super slinky'supdate 3/25well another month went by(a week ago) and the d string broke in the same fashion leaving me to believe i either got defective strings are these strings are not as good as they are said to be. either way its losing another star.  if it happens with a different set of strings i will reevaluate my guitar/review and change accordingly 2
i like the capo, only it seems a little stiff when opening it up to put it on or take it off.  it was actually a bronze color instead of gold, but that's not a big deal to me.  i'm interested on the durability of this, but for the price, how can you go wrong? 4
kripes man..the one time i go and actually buy a "honer" and its a "bummer" this thing has 3 keys off tune!! i can buy stuff 10 times better quality from chinaand never have this kinda junk. maybe it's a fluke because everyone else gave it a thumbs up and i 'm really not the type a guy to go running stuff down butmaaan ive never got a harp this trashy b4!...... all i can say is buy merana's for tryin out buy "suzuki" or swan" from ebay/overseas if yer a poor guy like meand you'll be better off. oh btw hot-tip for poor guys again--- you can get a "mississipi river harp" for only  $5.oo if you have a "burke's" outlet near you!they're up by the counter and as good as the high dollar one made by unowho---- the doctah has spoken! :) 1
they do the job of lighting your music up and they are easy to clip onto your music stand. the switches on the lamps however are a bit flakey. 3
wow, i'm really impressed with this tuner.  strumming the strings gives you a quick overview of which strings are out of tune and as you tune each string it automatically switches to a chromatic mode.  it's quick, it's accurate, and it just works......well!!! 5
i tried the dean markley blue steel light accoustic strings on my takamine guitar, and will soon replace them.  on quality control, the high e steel string in the set looks bad with dark spots on it, two of which show after stringing the guitar.  string did not break as i rather expected, but it looks bad.  on sound, these seemed okay at first, but i still find it hard to keep in tune after a week, especially the high b and e steel strings, which just don't sound that good to me.  and i find the low e wound string notes tend to be too high as i move up the neck, more so than other sets i have used.guess i'll go back to d'addario and ernie ball. 2
my newest amp (the marshall jvm410 joe satriani) replaced the reverb with noise gates...a function i absolutely love. but then i needed a reverb pedal. honestly, there are more expensive pedals out there, but this will do exactly what they do for a lot less money. give it a try. i've been using it for a few weeks and i'm extremely happy with it. 4
straight out of the box this product reeked cheap. no directions inside or on the box. i messed with it for about 5 minutes. i would not trust it with a heavy or expensive mic. i read the description but it did not say cheap. live and learn. 1
i don't play with a guitar below my waist. i am six feet tall. while very well made, wide, comfortable and good looking, this sling was far too short and had to be returned. 3
arrived fast, had them up and running in minutes.  it was easy to adjust my eq on my laptop to produce awesome listening music, just beautiful, clear, nicely separated sound.  i wouldn't use these for high volume stuff, the sound is almost delicate, and very precise in its separation.  the classical musician's in our guild loved the sound, that should tell you something.  stunning, really.  they are, in fact, exactly what they are advertised to be - top notch small room project studio monitors.  i readjusted my eq for the needed flat response for sound engineering and i was extremely pleased with the results.  the sound you can get out of these is so varied that we needed to give our hearing time to adjust, as the flat studio mixing eq sounded horrible at first, as it should!  i have been in and out of studios for 30 years and i can say, used appropriately, these are excellent near-field mixing monitors.  take time to review the set up data from m-audio, its good stuff, and don't ask these little beauties to be everything, just let them be what they were made to be . . . and enjoy!  we ended up re-mixing half a dozen acoustical songs off a recent project with these via cubase 7 and the general consensus is that the mixes improved by 30%. 5
it is inexpensive but is difficult to use  anywhere with other noise..i used it for several years but it is only a backup now.. nice part is that you can calibrate the tuning, although probably would not be used by most musicians.. other than that i think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner.. i would not recommend it. 2
(star rating based on price) great for home use, but dragging it on the road i dont know how long it would last. 4
i used to buy a lot of wire form these guys.... however, you need to be careful and test everything you get from them on an xlr cable tester.i didn't believe it myself...i read another reviewer had an issue with xlr cables being wired incorrectly from pin to pin. so i took my handy cable tester and went through about a dozen cables.i got through only 4 monoprice cables before i found one that was miss-wired. now i will be checking all of them for sure.not a good start though.glad the other reviewer made that discovery and passed it on.i suggest everyone check their monorpice cables. the testers are very cheap and may show problems you weren't aware of. 1
this might be a really, really nice stand, but the one i received was defective-one of the small top separator arms that keep the guitar necks apart was unattached and won't attach, so i have to return it for a refund.  i'll probably buy another one afterward with the hopes that it's intact this time. 3
i don't use these alot, but when i play jazz style music or ballads, they work better without playing with heavy attack and give a more mellow tone to the solo's. 5
this system works just okay.  try to turn it up and you get bad feedback.my microphone stopped working shortly after i purchased this item.  i contacted pyle to see about a replacement and got nothing but runaround from them.they couldn't give me a price for repair or to purchase a new one, or where i could even buy a replacement.very frustrating! 2
this tuner is tiny and works as advertised to tune my guitar, bass and banjo.  i have tested it against other, older and larger tuners and all tune to the same accuracy, which is very good.i docked it one star because the screen doesn't stay on (in my opinion) long enough when i am trying to tune a string.  when i pick a string, the screen flashed for a brief second with the tuning information and then goes blank.  it works, but i find other tuners easier to use that have screens that stay on longer with each pick.perhaps a more experienced guitar play may only need that brief flash of tuning information to tune a screen, but for me i find it easier to have the tuning information displayed longer.also this tuner is tiny.  i can leave it on my instrument when i put the instrument in a case, no problem at all.  the flip side of this is that the screen is tiny too.  really tiny...almost hard to read tiny.  you need to decide if this tiny size is an advantage or disadvantage for you. 4
sadly, i can't review the mic itself nor the cable that comes with the mic as they were both non-responsive.  i tried the mic with other cables i have lying around that i know work, and i got nothing; it was like the mic wasn't plugged in at all.  and the cable included in this pack, well, the plastic (not metal) connector to the mic was cracked.  i still tried it with a difference mic... static.i can't blame amazon for the broken bits as the whole thing was packed well and the box did not appear damaged.the stand that comes with this set up seems really good for the price of the whole package.  i was impressed at how much of is *isn't* plastic.still... i can't recommend this product. 1
this isn't the best strap, but it's affordable and pretty good for a beginner's guitar strap. the pick holder on the strap is pretty neat, however i don't find myself using it often. the guitar strap is not very comfortable, but it does the job. recommended for a practical and affordable strap for electric guitar. don't forget to buy strap locks, you will need it. 3
ever since i saw a vid with mark tremonti where he says that he heard a lot of musicians used jazz 3 picks, and after having tried them that he simply couldn't use an other pick.. i decided to try them out.. and i fell instantly in love with the regular jazz iii picks!i always had issues holding picks and keeping them &#34;put&#34; while i played and the jazz iii was no exception so it didn't bother me..meaning i didn't really feel like there was a problem other than me, being that problem... then i read about this new ultex thingyit looked like a jazz iii and every one seemed to like it..sooo i figured why not have a go at it... i was skeptical about this &#34;impossible to drop&#34; thing which i read..so i was dieing to feel them... well they came.. i tried them and after playing for a while i didn't even notice that i hadn't once readjusted my pick..... not once ... it was like there was no pick.. i started paying closer attn and more and more i realized that this thing really is what its hyped up to be... it stays there... to me that's just freaking incredible! holy @#$@%# wow! i love this thing love it love it! 5
sounds disgusting. very bright and clear highs, nothing beautiful in mids and totally muddy lows. don't hope to take chords on it. only on first 4 strings may be...try out fender's mini amp if you're searching for a little thing, or but a bigger one. 2
this is 10 watt walkman size guitar amplifier. the controls are volume/ off, tone, and overdrive. it also has a headphone jack. in my honest opinion, it is a good headphone amplifier to use when to need to practice without disturbing people around you. the speaker sound is fine for a clean sound ( like jazz, or country) or semi distorted and more (rock). if your looking for an small amp. that will do metal this may not be for you. defintely get the danelectro da-1 ac power adapter instead of batteries because you may go through them quick. overall it's pretty good. 4
i bought one of these for a vintage fender showman that doesn't have built in reverb.  put a battery in and plugged it in.  very simple.  but the sound was horrible!  no setting delivered an effect that sounded anything like any kind of reverb i ever heard or would want to hear.  the closest i could get was a cheesy delay or echo effect that sounded awful.  on the other hand, the reverb from my korg ax-100g (that i was using on another rig) was great.  maybe my dr600 was not functioning properly, but i don't think so.  i think that's the way it really sounds.  so i got a return authorization from amazon (very easy - never fails), put it back in the box and ups picked it up the next day and i got a full refund.jm tepper 1
but is no match for someone who wants to use it to record with.  use a plugin instead.  i like some of behringer products even though they are snobbed.  this particular unit is not one of their finest products but i give them credit for the price point and effort.  someone will appreciate it but not me.  it sits in my drawer and will end up being sold online as it's not defective but just not up to what i want.  cheap, so no big loss. 3
i really dig these.  i have been playing lead with them for a couple of weeks, and the worst thing is that when i drop them, they are impossible to find on my beige carpet.  the one i'm using has barely worn with at least 10 hours of playing on it.the size of the pick is the same as normal, it is just more tapered.  i tried to pick out stuff on the bass with it, but it was a little to much work as i dipped it too far into the strings, so i reverted back to a wider gator grip 1.14, which works better with the bigger strings. i am still searching for the world's perfect all-purpose pick. this works until then 5
when i originally went out to place this order, i was planning to order the  tc electronics singles voicetone c1 vocal effects processor for its pitch correction function. as i looked over that device and some alternatives, i finally ordered the tc-helicon mic mechanic because it had pitch correction and some other very nice effects. i ignored the reviewers who said the pitch correction function had no effect - how could tc electronics put out the &#34;mic mechanic&#34; with a pitch correction function that didn't do anything? well, those reviewers were right - the pitch correction function has no effect! also, i couldn't see any effect between engaging/disengaging the tone button. i kept the mic mechanic because i like the other effects, but i'm very disappointed in the primary reason i bought it! 2
i like the product a lot. for me, the only problem is the time of the "sustainer effect".it is not so long as i thought. i though it would be like the piano's sustainer. but it's a good pedal effect. my guitar get a good sound with the "attack effect". thank you. 4
unless you tune to only standard tunings this thing is garbage! i tune my hellraiser to d then drop to c and it will not register. the needle either flops around constantly or just does not display the proper notes. 1
allotoday went to the stores to test out the followingtascams...dr 05,  dr 07 mk2, and dr 40  and, for myself,ended up buying nothing...their differences for your  ears...are....dr 05,  this is a good quality toy...no line in...use its own mic, you will be ok  with this, for meetings, etc.not really that good for  music...can be done, but not as good..if you use ext mic...u wont be happy either...high background hiss noise  relative to all 3.dr 07etc etc...only slightly better than 05...all else same...dr 40 was much quieter in noise level...be it...in mic, ext mic or line inquite decent but costs you around 200 dollars...this can be used to ( semi ) record music too.so, testing on their own mics...that last one was far far better than the first two...for those wantingline in...means only that dr 40...however,my tests involved  checking  sound quality  of bit more seriouslive recordings...took output from our  zoom r 24 recorder  and  output to the dr 40...upon comparing the resulting  cds...a / mstr ed by the zoom r24 and print to cd,  vs...b / recorded dr40 printed to cd...the sound was obviously better  with  a /no need to buy  any  a/d recorder attempt at this price level ,if one is looking for semi serious  master recorder...my budget must be tripled at least...and then to go out to test some more !no cheap way, is there....for those curious, the whole idea has come from wanting to connect  2 units of zoom r24,  not wanting to use computer software,  taking the 4 outputs from these two into a clean mixer or analog sum box,  and getting them downto  2 channels, and finallly to some mastering digital recorder....hoping perhaps the tascam ss r100 or r200 might do the trick,in the tests to come....many thanks, and may your camels always have two humps !k 3
i'm a beginner harmonica player, and this was perfect for me! i am able to practice with it easily, and it didn't cost me a fortune as some of the more professional harmonicas are. 5
i should have read the reviews carefully - it's definitely something different, but not sturdy at all, rubber bits come off as you strum, and there are complaints of skid marks on strings and fingers. ouch! i'm much happier with my friday the 13th glow-in-the-dark picks - that is an experiment that worked!and who cares about hard pick sounds anyway? if you want something that sounds like your fingers strumming, why don't you use&#8230; your fingers? 2
after receiving thedunlop dual design straplok systemalready installed on my gibson standard electric(7.36 lbs.), and liking them, i decided to try installing them on my gibson studio electric (7.23 lbs.). noproblem. just follow the instructions exactly and they will work perfectly.i had no problem either installing them nor using them since the installation. money well spent makingsure my stringed instrument does not accidentally fall to the ground. besides safety i also like being ableto swap out my straps on my guitars. it's a nice convenience. if you are so inclined you can use the samestrap for all your guitars.if you are not sure if they will work on your brand guitar seek out an online forum and either search thatforum for the answer or join and ask your questions. you've got a pricy piece of wood there and will wantto take care of it properly.what i don't care for, but feel okay with because they work so well, is how big they seem to be. theydon't get in the way when being used but look almost out of place. that is why i chose black for mysecond set. helps keep the product's profile down a bit. other than that, the product works asadvertised....note: as of june 2014 i have installed two other sets and all are still working as expected. do rememberto check and make sure your hardware is secure. after repeated use the screws can come loose and therewill be trouble if this happens. do not use any glue in case you need to swap out the straploks in thefuture. 4
one of the ball bearings designed to catch and lock the side mounted to the strap dislodged, and my very expensive fender custom shop telecaster fell flat on the ground. 1
its great for cutting strings but the winder is pretty difficult if you don`t know what your doing. warning for beginners don't get this!!!! 3
i've been a musician for most of my life, playing primarily keyboards recently in the studio and with bands, saxophone and a little bass guitar. i've owned a six string guitar for 20+ years that has seen very little use. i had this misconception that my hands &#34;just weren't designed to play guitar&#34;. but recently my life changed a little bit. i have a young boy that's now master of my universe, a lot less room to leave musical gadgets lying about, and i now live in an apartment building where making a lot of noise tends to be frowned upon.i picked up this micro crush because i was originally looking for a micro marshall and i saw this pop up. i knew i already liked the sound of orange amps (better than marshall given my druthers of musical taste) and for $69 it seemed like not much of a reach to try it out for myself.shortly after a small package of value came to me with this charmingly tiny amp in it. my son's mom thought it was a toy &#34;it's so small!&#34; yes you might think so until you plug it in. the idea here is to sound loud without being loud. this amp is perfect for that.most of the time i have this thing turned up to about 1, 1 1/2, rarely up to 2 or beyond. i've got a simple effect chain going in: eh soul preacher (compressor/sustainer) -&#62; mx analog delay -&#62; cheap (but pleasant) chinese phaser -&#62; eh holy grail -&#62; amp. i use this as my &#34;clean&#34; sound without the overdrive. it is beautiful. a little dick dale-ish. then when i want a little edge i turn off the phaser and delay and turn on the overdrive. maybe nudge down the volume a little more and i can rock ac/dc licks at midnight without raising complaints from the neighbors. and it sounds ... big!no this is not the same as actually being loud. for one thing your ears won't ring. the cops won't come knocking to serve a noise complaint. knickknacks will remain on their knickknack shelves.  the dogs won't howl.but should you desire to rock out at midnight in your apartment building this amp fits the bill.so much so that i, the man with the hands &#34;just not made for guitar&#34; now have guitar callouses, a lust after a couple $1.5-$2k guitars one of which will soon come home with me and frankly a love for playing the guitar that i never had before in my life. this all because i can just set up my little rig next to the couch and it's always there. always ready to go. so i play while i'm watching football or baseball. i play while i'm watching the news. i play while i'm playing crazy 8's with my son. i play morning, noon and night. not only that but i'm actually getting to be not-that-bad at playing either. lots of playing/practice seems to inevitably make on better (hint: do those finger exercises too, they work).so i am not exaggerating when i reiterate my headline: this little amp changed my life (for the better).best buy for under $100 i've made since i bought my son his strider balance bike. which is orange too! 5
i have a taylor 710ce and this strap had to be forced over the top connection near the neck of the guitar. rather than ruin the finish of the guitar i just got a different strap. plus the nylon slips very easy which is not a plus for me since i had to keep correcting the position of the guitar to where i liked it to play. if the nylon is not a problem for you and the ends fit over your guitar this strap is very well made. 2
these cables work well for my guitar, keyboard and drums.  they appear to hold up well under constant moving.  i will be getting more. 4
the device itself is difficult to read in bright light.my first one arrived not working at all.the second one arrived with a low battery. what? after three days the battery goes out.i would have returned it, but lost it because it doesn't adhere to the headstock very well. you've been warned. 1
it's smaller than i thought, it works fine and it picks the string really fast. it does only tune in the regular a tune (so e, a, d, g, b, e). so since it's a gift for my father in law it works just fine, but since i use a a flat tuning for my gibson, and even lower (g) for my jackson it doesn't work for me. 3
i prefer woven cables for looks. they have a nice stage presence. hosa has been a very reliable brand for my cables. i don't move around on stage so the 18 feet gives enough length to connect to my mixer. this cable is just a little stiffer than some i have but that's ok for me and i'm sure it will wear well if you move around on stage. 5
the chorus is subtle... but it seems lacking to me. it is subtle but really weak compared to the classic rich ibanez chorus i have. 2
my first reaction on opening the box that this came in was &#34;gee, it's a lot smaller than i expected.&#34; it looks like a cad equitek e100s but it's a fraction of the size. i'd even say it was cute. but how does it perform?i have two microphones i use for recording at my computer: a blue yeti usb electret mic, and a sampson samtr101a. of the two, the yeti is closer in design, as it uses an electret capsule and a built-in usb interface, like the go mic, so that's what i compared it to. i fired up garage band and plugged both microphones into the computer (a four year old imac) so i could lay down some parallel instrumental tracks with acoustic guitar, ukulele, and double bass.right off the bat i was impressed with the go mic's lack of latency; it was as good as the yeti- maybe better. there was no perceptible delay.  no need to find a special driver, either. plug it in and it's ready to go. there's even a headphone jack in the mic- something unusual in a package this tiny. sound was good, too, though perhaps not as uncolored as the yeti. i tried all three modes: carodid, carodid + -10bd pad, and omni. omni gave the best, clearest sound, not unexpectedly, but it was hard to get a good level when close miking. no matter how i backed down the volume in garage band i got clipping. using the -10db pad i was able to get some acceptable levels from a few feet away. best sound on all instruments was obtained from 6-10 feet using the omni mode.it has one advantage over the yeti: it's very modest in current requirements, so i can run it directly off my ipad. the two together make a nice portable recording/production combination. packaging is well thought out, too. the mic is permanently attached via a swivel  to a strong clip that also serves as a desktop stand, and when not in use the mic folds into the clamp for protection. and if that's not enough, there's a separate case to keep dust and dirt out of the mic.while the go mic wouldn't be my first choice for recording music, it would be a very acceptable one for recording musical ideas on the go, and perfectly acceptable for voice recording, podcasting, or skyping. 4
i play harp with some some that i perform. i found that all of these harmonica's the note's are off and it's hard to play, i have g blues harp that i compared the g harp to and the notes were a little off. the c harp was terrible. that said the only thing i like about this order is the case. i going to see if i can return them for store credit. 1
the effect it self is fine, but it is too noisy even though u don't dime it, for the price, and for this product, it is u get what u pay for. 3
i have a lot of pedals.... including many delays and echos...the mxr is just little more organic and warm in tone and response then my aqua puss, eh delux memory boy, ibanez, boss, and lets not even get into the behringer stuff...  :)i like the chorus-like mod button.  very lush and sweet to listen too.  not as feature rich as some of my other delays, but a tad more appealing to the ear then the others to me.  simple to use, compact and well built.  i like using this clean... but even it's ability to take some distortion is pretty good.this is simliar to my favorite echo (the morely ecv from the 70's) in that is has that real warm surrounding sound to it.  lush is the right word.hope this helps. 5
the travel would be tolerable for a sitting position..., but i stand in front of a mic on stage.  the pedal generates  a lot of &#34;noise&#34; so i can't use it.  you get what you pay for.  king vox and dunlop high gain, both passive, have passed the test, and i'm pretty picky! 2
this jumper cable is a decent cable used for jumping from one unit to another when longer connections are required & a 10 ft. cable is too long. i would not depend on it for night after night abuse but, it just may last longer than i think. planet waves does make good products. 4
its poorly made with attention to detail. i ordered them to fit on my dual mic clamp purchased here at amazon. but they will not screw down all the way and are losse. it is useless!!! other mic holders from different manufacturers work fine. 1
unquestionably a top-of-the-line manual string winder, but still the user must careful not to scratch a guitar's headstock.  on some tuners this might work great, but on various of mine, still sloppy.  for now i'll stick with good old fashioned fingers and thumb. 3
mine came flattened in a little box.  i wasn't happy that its form was deformed.  well in a few days it popped back into shape so i didn't have to ship it back.  a good sign!i am using it for both some music and computer stuff.  the bag is well made considering its price.  you cannot even get a backpack for this price.  i love its depth.  a number of these types of bags are too shallow so the zipper is about to burst once loaded.  this is a solid 4"+ depth and cozy padding around it for protection.  be sure to check out all the dimensions though.  its very long - i was a bit surprised but that was me misreading it.  i think i saw "micro" and thought shorter.not only is this a great music tote but also a decent computer / electronic or other tool tote for equipment that is wider than a brief bag or backpack.  i'm thinking of getting another because of this.the only minus is that i wish the outside pocket was a little larger and maybe had an inside pocket or folder / paper slot.  but these are just wish list items.  finding padded bags this size is a pain so if you need this your options are limited.  lucky this is a good option. 5
it is not the size for mini guitar. may be for the big one...connections are shaky. you will surely notice that the quality is toooo low. 2
i like the size of the stand and the flexibility.  easy to put together and holds my guitar very well. 4
it stopped working after 2 gigs. i'm not sure why, but it is very frustrating. i guess you get what you pay for here. 1
the c has the same numbered base plate top and bottom, so the numbers are totally opposite on each side. i see what people mean about the taste, but that's hardly a problem as i knew what i was purchasing. overall, reasonably satisfied, will give them a good try later. 3
works great and doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  quality is good and holds a microphone with confidence.  great price too. 5
the only instrument this works well on is my yamaha guitarelele which has nylon strings, for steel strings i want more pressure, i advise getting the ns capo that is not "lite",  i prefer that one above this model. 2
the mooer pitch box in the harmonist mode blends the dry signal with the altered pitch, and in the pitch shift mode if filters out the dry signal.the pitch knob allows you to raise the note 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 24 semitones, or lower the note by 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 24 semitones.i found that putting a distortion pedal in front of the pitch box made the harmonies more pronounced. making how well it tracks and handles bends and vibrato more noticeable. and in general it helps it sounds more like a guitar and less like an organ.when i had the pitch box in front of the distortion pedal, it had this constant warble that sounded like an out of tune guitar. the detune mode sounds like a chorus but i almost never use it. 4
i purchased this after reading the great reviews but like a few of the comments that are on here lately this thing is not good. looked almost used when it arrived and the gooseneck stand is useless. does not come even close to being able to hold up the weight of the filter. i would have returned it but i completely destroyed the package getting it open (which oddly had staples holding it closed). 1
it sounds like it's behringer.  very fake, cheap sounding phaser, but it's all i need.  i got it mostly for that big airplane woosh, and running it in the loop, it does that fine.  the highs are kind of harsh, but if it is in front of the amp it can sound a little tame. 3
this is a wonderfual addition to help maintain the humidity for your guitar, this product is recommended by taylor guitars. 5
i may have misunderstood the product description but i prefer the string tied to the end of my acoustic over this. my issue is that it makes my guitar really high up when i play in a standing position and there is no way to adjust the strap the make it longer. if you play sitting down a lot then this would probably work for you. don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the product itself; it just wasn't what i thought. 2
this strap works fine for my acoustic using the leather laces to tie around the neck of the guitar.  i didn't like it so much for my electric guitar, because i was nervous that it would come loose, since the leather &#34;buttonholes' are somewhat wimpy.  if you have a heavy electric guitar, i recommend that you buy a locking guitar strap or something with thicker leather.  it would have been better if it had a felt backing, or at least an adjustable pad. 4
the velcro itself is insanely amazing. its so amazing that its stronger than the adhesive backing. if you have an alternative means to adhere this velcro to its surface with a strength stronger than 10 men, then by all means, use this stuff. in the end, you just can't make velcro this strong for use with a pedal board. once together, it raises the height of the pedal very uncomfortably. i cannot think of a practical application for this velcro. 1
this stand is a little difficult to open.  the top the gets very stuck and turned the wrong way.  other than that the stand collapses very small into the black bag that came with it. 3
i am 65 years old and have been taking violin lessons for about nine months.  as you can imagine, i need to practice a lot!  my wife of 43 years does not enjoy my practicing...especially when i practice monotonous scales.i saw the glaesel violin ultra practice mute demonstrated on an online violin instructor's web site.  i love it!  easy to put on and take off. the rubber won't hurt your violin, bridge or strings. you can barely hear it in the next room.  you can actually control how much the mute actually mutes your violin by raising it a little bit above the bridge.  my violin's tone doesn't change much at all with this mute.now i can practice all i want without fear of my wife divorcing me! 5
these cables are excellent quality cables, however, if you are trying to patch your pedals together in a closely spaced setup, these cables are rather bulky and stiff.the large size of the right angle connectors requires you to space your pedals out more than you might prefer, especially compared to some of the other pedal patch cables that are available from companies such as hosa. 2
i needed a small capo for my mandolin and so i purchased this little guy. works great, though i have to put it on at that 1st fret and then move it up to where i need it. 4
bought this a while back just got around to installing it on my mexi strat. doesn't fit perfect. kinda bummed but oh well 1
it works and cleans the strings, but its durability is a little low, for about 2 months. i recommend planet waves string cleaner if you plan to use a really good cleaner. 3
this music stand is og great quality and of a great price.i have been very pleased with it. i have bought on-stage stands in the past before, so i was sure that i wouldn't be disaapointed and i was right.very sturdy-well built-good price. 5
i can't hear the sounds of the strings over the flick of these flimsy picks across them. better for electric guitar but still hard to play fast 2
the d'addario sets are good stuff. i got turned onto them about a decade ago by a coworker. the color coded ends are great whether you are new at changing strings or just want it more automated if you are an old veteran. with stretching, they stay in tune fine. the unknown truth about non-nylon strings (and maybe even them, too) is that there are only a handful of string makers, and d'addario actually makes them for other companies (gore uses them for their elixir series, and just adds the polyweb coating). i also use the ghs standard .010 sets, and they are good too. my faves are the ernie ball sets, but they rarely go on sale. i don't remember who makes what strings for what companies, though. with offshore production a standard thing now, it's no telling where they actually come from anyways. i doubt that gfs strings are domestic production, for instance. 4
a dull, inept version of a tubescreamer. just sounds flat and boring. not very inspiring. at all. (then again, i never did really like ts's)....... 1
my title says it all.  i didn't like the ac adaptor.  i did work very well and was strong.  i liked how solid it was. 3
this has a nice smell, and is good for maintaining the wood on the neck of your guitar. best used when replacing strings, so you can apply while the strings are off. 5
cable crackles when plug in jack is moved. gls brand purchased at same time works flawlessly in comparison. both have tweed jackets however the hosa cable does not uncoil easily where the gls cable does. i would recommend the gls product over the hosa product. 2
i have to confess to a particular image that comes to mind when i think of capos.  it's the image of an earnest folkie, with mastery of c, g and d, but still struggling with the a. a good player should be comfortable in any key.  but there's still an occasional place for a capo, and that's when you need open strings in a chord.i tested this capo on several guitars, and with one exception it worked well.  steel-string dreadnought, archtop jazz box, and les paul worked nicely.  not so much on a flat fretboard classical.  the capo has a slight curve that works well on any curved neck.  but on a flat neck there's a little string buzz on the d and g strings.  while the capo's grip is good, it still needs to be fitted right behind the fret.  this means that it can get a little bit in the way for passage work. that's probably a rare problem for the intended user.all in all it's a nice little capo.  goes on and off with no fuss and fits the majority of necks. 4
this strap is uncomfortable and too flimsy to feel good, also doesn't fit an instrument where there's no place to hook it .  i returned mine, as it just didn't fit well for my uke or mandolin. 1
i've got an old mesa boogie that has developed scratchy controls over the years.this stuff cleaned most of them out pretty well but my midrange pot is starting to crackle again.i hate to tear the chassis out again but it'd gotta happen 3
this stand is designed to work on electric guitars, not acoustic or acoustic/electric guitars.  the arms that support the guitar are short and not adequate for acoustic guitars.  this is however perfect for my lp and sg guitars.  i love its size and portability. 5
for any usable tones while playing live, the best bet is to plug it into a tube power amp. direct to mixer or running it through a solid state amp is very uninspiring.i didn't like the recorded tones either, much rather preferred amplitube 3 if micing a real tube amp wasn't an option.that being said, it is good for practice and song writing. used this for more than a year and finally sold it! that's the other thing with items like this, they lose value real quick once the next version comes out. 2
for the price, i'm really happy. it's my first one i get and it's perfect, i'm learning how to use it and it's not as easy as you guys think. 4
my review(s) for this have changed a few times, but no more. when i first got it i liked the sound, though it did sound a little cold and digital, and this is from someone wanting to record shoegaze/dreampop, which by it's nature is full of cold tones (reverb/chorus/delay) shimmering, a la cocteau twins, chapterhouse, lush, so at first i thought it was great. then the fuse software was even cooler, all this customizing the sound, though it did sound noisy and needed the compressor to take some of the noise away.after all of that i finally realized i was trying to ignore the fizz/crackle/hair, it's called a few things. go to the fender forums and look it up, or search it on yahoo/google.the thing happening with this amp i think is a few things. fender guitars sound best through it, which is silly if you don't own a fender, and i don't and refuse to get a squire as that body is so played out, i wanted anything but a strat body, unless i have a grand to pay for an older one, i'm not going to get a rinky dink one, and i would only get one after i got like 5 other dream guitars first.so everyone has different problems with pickup quality and guitar quality. also, playing into a modeling amp is like playing into a computer, that may be fine for some (younger folks), but to a lot of people i've read the complaints i was trying not to realize, as i didn't feel like having to pay for shipping to return it, but i did!and i am so glad i did. i almost got a peavey vypyr, and i am glad i didn't. this amp, to be fair, is really close to being really cool, but that sound problem, which i read on fender's own forum/website, fender acknowledges it exists, but does nothing to fix it in future models!! sorry, but that's some big company b.s.i've been reading of people saying it sounds cold and lifeless and all that and tube this and tube that, and i was like "what music snobs" and what have you. but i realized that i'm a music snob! i love the music i listen to more than anything, and feel like the music i create should have a life to it as well. so i returned the mustang 2 and almost got a marshall mg 30 watt, cause i wanted an amp with a clean sound that didn't have that crackle sound, but thankfully i caught myself before that return, as after that, it would have been final.the decision i did make i think will be great for me, as i'd rather start with a good real tone, then get the effects i need. i kept reading reviews of these teenagers that hadn't played for more than a year or two or so saying "throw away your pedals, you won't need them" and "i was going to get pedals, but don't need to now", that's kind of the danger of these amps, they end up making everyone sound the same! no matter what tweaking i was doing on the mustang, it sounded the same but in a different costume.i think this amp and modeling amps are best for beginning guitarists and i've seen some old timers getting an amp for home use after years, maybe that's for them, but i needed something to record with and practice and get the best, most real tone possible, so that means tube amp.i think if i played this at a gc i wouldn't of gotten it, and i just tried to make myself like it. 1
very pleased with timely arrival of the package.  excited to use it with my new guitar, but after only two days of actual use it broke.  the plastic tension section just snapped off.  very disappointed! 3
being very disappointing by the sensitivity of the snark sn 1, i purchased this bargain priced tuner, i could not be more pleased. it has settings for chromatic, bass, guitar, and ukulele. not only does it have tone dial indicator, but the screen changes color, red for flat, green for just right, yellow for sharp. the screen is also very bright and easy to read. it is very sensitive, no need to constantly move it around like with the snark sn 1. it is tiny, perfect for carrying in your pocket or purse. i use mine for when i go to the music store and test out ukuleles. this makes a perfect main tuner, or a nice inexpensive backup to more expensive tuners. my main tuner is a snark sn 8, but this one is just as accurate. the only negatives i can find is that the hinge seems kinda delicate, so you don't want to force it, and the power button is very tiny, but for the size and performance of the unit, those low points are almost irrelevant. buy a couple, you can get two or three of these for the price of a single snark or korg. 5
it is ok as long as you don't bump your guitar, else boom, it hits the floor.  i don't trust it and amazon has it way over priced.  it will work if you put a nail in it to hold the holder in place. 2
this polish works well for what i need it for. i am not a clean freak but i take good care of my instruments and this works well not only to remove the crud and fingerprints from a gig, but puts a nice shine on the guitar without having to work to hard with the polish to get there. 4
i can't believe these were actually sent to me. the heads are smaller than normal pickguard screws and the metal is blackened. they come from taiwan but look like they were subcontracted to china. i am sending them back. there is no way i would use these. any screw you get from home depot would work better and look more attractive. i am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost. 1
i like dunlop products but... the push down applicators (dunlop's dab-o-matic applicator tops) are horrible idea. one popped right off the other day and oil got all over the place. i will not buy these again or i will remove them and just use a cloth. 3
i wanted a pickup for my relatively inexpensive violin. it sounds pretty good for the price i paid for it. i was actually in the market for an electric violin and while shopping amazon ran across this inexpensive pickup for an acoustic. i purchased it at the same time i bought the electric violin. naturally when the electric arrived, i laid the acoustic pick up off to the side and went to work on the electric. a few days later i thought i would give the pickup a try. it slides right in and out of an f hole with no problem. i plugged it into my fender amp with a little reverb and wow is how i can describe what came out. it sounded like i was in a great concert hall. of course there is no adjustments on the pickup so everything is done with the settings on the amp. whatever your amp is capable of, your violin can do it. now i haven't tried to blow it up or anything but the sound is tremendous. cant say enough except the price was so low i couldn't have gone wrong too bad. 5
i ordered this product to use for personal recording, and thought...what could possibly go wrong? i ordered it "new," and it definitely shows signs that it not new. first, the package was stapled, that's right- stapled together in a way in which you could tell the product had been opened. then, to make matters worse, there is a hole in one side of the fabric. when i order something new, i expect it to be new. based on this product alone, i would not recommend buying from this seller. 2
i think this patch looks cool on the bass . i don't really hear any difference in sound ,but does give your drum head a better life span 4
the small e-string and the g- string both broke on the ball end while tuning.  i haven't broke a string while tuning in 20 years, never ever had one break on the ball end.luckily i bought the three pack.but i can't recommend this product. 1
this pedal sort of let me down a bit.i really cannot find a musical sounding adjustment,i can hear a small amount of octave when i adjust it but it is mostly a fuzz pedal with a mid range cut switch.if this was more of an octave pedal i would have been entirely more into the way it sounds.i kept it because to be honest it is very cheap.why bother sending it back? it is a very good paper weight and i have even used it as a hammer and pounded nails in with it.lets face it,if someone breaks into my house i can whack them on the head with it and knock them out.i just cannot get any octave sounds idk am i missing something? joyo i like your other pedal but this one makes me want to punch your entire company in the mouth. 3
you can compare this to a pearl or any other popular stand ,your just not going to have the pay that hi price try it you'll like it ! 5
a very boring, dull, uninspiring pedal. don't waste your time with this. a boss sd-1 or digitech bad monkey are far better options for this price range. 2
this is an iconic fuzz pedal.  yes, smashing pumpkins used this pedal but corgan also used a fender blender (which is similar to the big muff but has an octive thing going on too).  this is not a subtle pedal.  it's cuts through the mix well if you are running into a cleanish amp.  i find that it gets a little muddy if i run it into an amp that's already breaking up.  i can say the same thing about most fuzz pedals though.  this is not a wooly, splattery vintage tone like the dunlop fuzz face.  it really has it's own thing going on.  it's not the kind of pedal that i keep on all the time, but it's a cool tool for the sonic toolbox.  if i had it to do all over again i would likely buy the big muff with the tone wicker switch.  it's about ten bucks more and has a little more tweekability. 4
the cable hisses, crackles and pops right out of the package.  save your money and buy a better cable.  i will buy cables locally from now on so i can easily return them if they are defective.  i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else. 1
i thought these would give me more volume and a better feel for stumming my uke.  i don't use them much at all, preferring palin hand strumming to what these deliver. 3
this thing is amazing. like many i cannot afford a tube amp. this transforms my solid state amps into something very comparable to the tube amps i played years ago. sustain and harmonics are insane. preamp is very precise and allows for a nice variety of tones.the unit is very heavy and rugged. the only component i would be concerned with over time is the battery adapter but this is replaceable at low cost. 5
i dont know what all the hype is over this thing.  the idea is good and its cute.  its for kids and metal heads that want to play screaming guitar but not blow the windows out.  how many of these types of noise boxes do we need?  not only for the price you need to have a speaker cabinet to go with it.  go buy a 20 watt roland cube at least you can play some clean guitar also.  or any combo little amp.  it's for bedroom use only.  you have a external power supply to hook up to it then you need a speaker wire.  being light weight as it is also if you move around with your guitar you will pull it off the speaker cabinet and drag it around the stage with you.  just get a distortion pedal at least it stays in one spot. 2
sat on my snark - good tuner but takes some patience. no quick tuning, but great for exact tuning if you are recording etc. would probably buy again, however will also get another snark - much easier for quick stage / sight tuning 4
received it in time, standard blister packaging but the cable stopped working after 45 days. since i was out of 30 days return time, sent an email to the manufacturer but no response till today. 1
a long time planet waves user i trusted that the circuit breaker cable would be up to their usual high standards... imho it is not.the plugs are great but do not seem to have good cable grip. i like their old cables that had a long cable protector extending from the plug allowing the cable to flow gracefully from the guitar (and into the amp at the other end). the actual cable is horrible.... it is a hard plastic outer shell and does not lie or flex well like a good cable should (e.g. like my old planet waves cables do). they claim that the shielding is excellent but i find it to be mediocre. very disappointing purchase. 3
i use these in my home studio as inserts and they work great. no complaints.on a side note, i always clean all my cables with caig deoxit gold g5 spray contact conditioner 5 oz.and hightly recommend it to all musicians, you will hear the differnce. i also spray a q-tip and and clean all the jacks on my guitars and instruments. 5
i honestly was not impressed. it looked cheap, sounded cheap, what else is there to say, you get what you pay for!!! another chinese copy of a tubescreamer, 2
for the money, this is a great guitar case.  i bought it for a silvertone sd10, which costs about $120.  the guitar fits it fine.  i use it to store my guitar around the house or put it in the back of the car to transport it.  i don't think i would take it on an airline.  they destroy luggage, so i don't think it would fair well.  the compartment inside is large enough for picks, strings, capo and a strap with room to spare.  mine opens and closes ok and the lock works. it is well worth the $60 i paid for it. 4
i've used three pop filters in my experiences with home recording and podcasting.  this one is the worst.  the plastic screw (yes, plastic) that is meant to grip the pole that you attach the pop filter to, is completely incapable of supporting it's own weight at nearly any angle.  bad...just bad.secondly, there is a metal piece that secures the flex arm to the clamp.  it seemed loose after i got it out of the packaging and the flex arm would wobble and rotate in that spot causing a major problem when it came to proper placement.  after twisting on it twice i stripped it out.  now the thing is worthless.  i'm returning it asap.i would rather go to a lady's bag flea market sale with a crazy woman for a day than continue to put up with this thing.  do yourself a huge favor and buy the nady 6" pop filter.  if you don't, you'll wish you did. 1
this string winder is adequate but not really solid. it gives me good use but seems like the materials are to soft. i had to glue the contacts on this thing since it gives way at times. this is just adequate for my use. 3
the best look and performance on a fender guitar.  i've used the schaller & fender pinch top and found these to be the best performing, easiest to use, and best looking.  it does have a larger profile, but i find it flattering to the fender guitar form.  easy to install and have never failed me.  i like that there are three pins to ensure a proper grip rather than one pin holding in in a channel like the schaller & its clones. outside of security (which i find greater with 3 pins) it all boils down to personal preference when it comes to strap locks. 5
not very substantial. it began to tear on my guitar strings. i was hoping for something that would hold up to more uses. 2
pros:* small. easy to take with you or set on a small shelf.* if using usb, does not need external power supply.  very convenient.* easy-to-use, accessible controls.* pre-amp power, works well with condenser studio mikes.* plug & play with windows 8.  didn't have to install any kind of driver.* variety of input options.  dual track with low/high volume sliders.* leds make it easy to tell whether in the green or red range.  easy to adjust.* awesome for those who need a mini-mixer-- and costs the same as a usb-based preamp-only device.* free shipping-- gotta like thatcons:* only one power setting, 15v. that may not be enough for some, but works great with my studio mike.* line in / usb buttons somewhat confusing, non-intuitive.  however the manual shows exact settings for computer use.* as with other low-end behringer mixers has a bit of a hiss that one has to balance out.  can take some fiddling to overcome it.* it's pretty easy to overpower the computer's input and cause distortion.  start the sound levels at zero and slowly bring them up until it sounds good.notes:i purchased this for use with my studio mike, which i hadn't been able to use with my computer due to pre-amp power needs.  plugged it in, worked first time, no problems.this unit is very sensitive.  if used with a decent mike can pick up background noises from across a room.  with a bit of tweaking, is fine for studio work.  i use it for guitar/voice solo live internet music shows.overall, i'm quite pleased with the unit.  the only reason i give it 4 stars rather than 5 is because it isn't perfect... but then it's only fifty bucks.  for the price, overall quality, ease of setup, range, sensitivity and plug-and-play, i don't think one could find a better unit.  two thumbs up.  i don't know how a pro would rate this... but i definitely would recommend it to those doing recording on their computer with a studio-quality mike above the quality of the average "usb microphones" available on the market.  you not only get a pre-amp but a duo-channel stereo volume mixer in the deal.  hard to beat at that price.addendum:  a few days after the initial review-- i just used the device on a live guitar/voice webcast.  no background hiss, very good, clear sound, crisp, no distortion, excellent transmission.  friend recorded a video and the sound was precise and identical to the original performance.  quite pleased with this little mixer/preamp.hints and tips:two good hints on this one:* another user and i put our heads together and realized one can use a 6-volt lantern battery (or 3 to 4 aa cells), hook them into a usb printer cable and power this via battery.  it works great and makes this unit portable.* there are reports of this mixer interfering with the way the windows handles sound. i have found this to be true. it pretty much takes over your entire sound system. for some folks this will be fine. for others, they may not appreciate this. so what i did was uninstall the drivers, remove it from the computer usb (which seems to defeat the purpose, but wait...)... and plugged it into one of those new portable-usb power supplies you plug right into the wall (they're available all over for between $5 and $10). this powers the system without hooking it into the usb system of your computer. what this does is allow you to use the functions of the mixer without altering how windows handles sound, the programs it uses, or causing problems with programs like audacity.you then run a line in from your computer speaker output, a line out to your computer speakers or headphones, and you can still use microphones or whatever else you want. this is an excellent alternative to using it as a usb device. you are instead powering it from a usb wall-socket and simply using it as a quality mini-mixer (which function it performs very well). that's what i finally did and am still most happy with this device.in addition by using it in this manner you pretty much eliminate the relevance of what os you use. you could use this with windows, mac, linux or pretty much anything, because all you're really doing is setting it up as a mixer using standard line-in / out cables. works very well in this capacity. gotta love those new external usb power nodes. : ) 4
this arrived with one end of the security strap and metal part...broken! ok...i bought it on sale and returning it would not be an option...it would cost as much to mail back as it did to buy it!obviously it was not the packaging which was more than adequate and there were no broken off pieces in the box.of course,i could not recommend this product to anyone...most disappointing purchase! 1
while the product is everything it said it would be.  i was just hoping it would be thicker as it feels so thin. it does whats is supposed to so i cant fault it in that way it. just was not what i was hoping for. 3
this small device has amazing quality. the built-in mic records very well compared to those tiny hand-held mono-recorders. mic gain controls boost volume but add some noise (like reviews state) but when used on low-gain, record quite well. audio-in records even better when used with good microphones and a mixer (i used a behringer u-802) for amazingly clear recordings. several types of sdhc cards work well and have not found a card that did not work with this device. even nimh (1.2v) batteries can power this, although alkaline (1.5v) last longer.con: the plastic case is vulnerable to scratches and breakages so treat carefully. 5
i bought this to connect a technics tt with an audio technica cartridge to my newer onkyo receiver with no phono input. the unit did work but i had to turn the volume to 80 (out of 100) to get any reasonable volume. in addition i have an onkyo m3040 connected to the receiver that i use for as a zone 2 amplifier. with this preamp i am getting some serious spikes into the amp. they are not audible but the lights would dim and the volume from the zone 2 speakers would drop. i do not have this problem with any other source so it appears to be some signal from this preamp.this unit may work perfectly fine with a behringer mixer but for my use it doesn't meet my needs at all. i am returning it. 2
i read the reviews here on amazon and was kind of turned off of buying it at first. eventually i went ahead and sprung for it since it wasn't expensive. i only needed one, and expected the package to come with just one, but it has two locks so that was a pleasant surprise. i've had them for 2-3 months now and they haven't failed me yet. they keep the strap in place just fine and are fairly sturdy for plastic pieces. really helped a lot because my strap would keep slipping off the knob and i had to use my ninja skills to get the guitar before it hit the floor. the only complaint i have is that they fit a bit tight with my strap (though it could be my nylon strap is just a bit too thick) and they are an extremely snug fit which makes me kinda nervous. however, i keep them as tight as i can while still allowing them to rotate a bit so everything is fine so far. not sure why the other reviews were so negative, but i have no complaints. 4
this is an update to my original review because i have now fully tested two of these capos.  i'm truly surprised by all the good reviews here.  i'm not sure how it's possible.  i've already outlined below in my original review that these are not jim dunlop capos.  i had purchased two, which i have now given away to student players as i cannot use them.  i tested the capos on a standard acoustic and also an electric guitar.  the e string buzzes when the capo is applied and no amount of adjusting the capo would stop the buzz from occurring. both capos had this very same problem.when i received these capos, i noticed right away that they were not the same excellent quality as actual jim dunlop capos.  the craftsmanship was visibly lower quality and the materials used are a lesser quality than official jim dunlop capos.  the rubber has a strong odor and there is no brand-name printed anywhere on the product.  as a professional musician, i need to purchase reputable brand-name products because i can't afford to have my gear failing during performances.  i have no idea about the future performance of these capos because they have no apparent brand, and no measurable reputation.  when i contacted the seller, they were not honest with me. 1
it's an ok product for the price but they are weak and with a very small amount of force they will pop off. 3
these are solid cables -- tight fit in receptacles, no introduction of noise, and no discernible loss of signal. especially considering the price, these are brilliant. i was like some of the reviewers wondering if such an economical cable could be any good, but i trusted their judgment and gave these a try and so count me in among those who weren't sure but have become convinced that hosa knows how to make a great cable, and to do so without the need to charge monster prices. 5
i recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars. one was in the skb fender case ($99.95 on amazon), the other in this gator case purchased locally.  i was told it was just as good as the fender case. both ended up in checked luggage.  after 1 flight from florida to lax and back (non-stop, minimal handling) the glue on the top section gave up.  the padding is now loose and the strap to keep the top from flopping completely open is dangling inside the case.  neither guitar was damaged and the cases appear in fine shape, but after having the padding fall out, i just ordered another skb fender case.  the gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips.  the skb fenders will be my airline cases from now on. 2
this is not a great quality microphone. but that's not what i was expecting when i paid $25 for the mic and stand. i bought this for my group of kids in a worship school. i need some less expensive equipment to 'play on'. so it works well for that. 4
let me just start out by saying that i've been playing guitar for over 30 years and have owned a lot of different pedals over all this time. i still own most of these units except for this one...the joyo compressor. my setup is a very simple one...starting with a stratocaster to compressor, wah-wah,  super-overdrive, boost pedal, delay, then straight into the front end of a tube amp with reverb & vibrato. i don't want to get into a long blown out history of all the compressor pedals i've tried over the years but i know why you want one and how to use them. this thing simply didn't work right out of the box. while the outside of this stomp box is all metal, the inside is full of very low grade parts from china. loose wires and bad components were everywhere on the board. i ended up sending it back for a full refund. i don't in anyway blame the seller. they took care of me without a hitch and i would buy from them again...just nothing with the name joyo on it. if you're only buying these based on price i would say buyer beware...you get what you pay for. 1
i wanted this for overall practice however the only &#34;clear and good&#34; sound will be the satriani effect.if that is exactly what youre looking for get it for sure! it does work i loved the delay hoped it could be adjusted, it can't.still use it for practice and wont change it. its just hard to get a clean sound out of it. 3
i picked these up on impulse &#8211; they were on a good sale and i was dissatisfied with my older, cheaper set of panasonic over-the-ears.  i'm glad i did &#8211; these are excellent headphones and they've exceeded my expectations on just about every level.  the sound quality is exceptional and they do a very solid job of blocking external noise.  they feel extremely sturdy and well-made, from the cans themselves to the nice, thick coiled cord (although a removable cord would be a nice bonus).  finally, and this is important, they're incredibly comfortable.  as a video editor, i often wind up wearing headphones for hours at a time.  the cans rotate on two axis, so they conform to the shape of your head and the headband is thick and well-padded.  they grip your head snugly, without that horrible &#34;vice grip&#34; feeling.i've heard several reviewers say that these are the best headphones to be found for under $200.  i haven't tried enough pairs to make that judgement, but i will say that i highly recommend them.  it's one of the best purchases i've made in a long time. 5
this one is probably closer to a $150 guitar. the fit and finish is quite nice but at the end of the day it's just like most of the other made in china guitar. from the reviews i was really hoping this was some great gem for only $200, but i'm not at all impressed. one thing that bothered me is that these guys make everything from guitars to jet skis - which usually means they're a jack of all trades but a master of none.i recently bought a johnson jg-610-n, a johnson jg-620-n, a bristol bd-16, a jasmine s35, and this yamaha. if i'd only played the yamaha i'd probably think it was a pretty nice guitar, but having tried all of these side-by-side i can definitely say it's not at all amazing. the bristol blows this thing out of the water, and not just because it's $50 cheaper, it plays and sounds better. the johnson guitars both have a little higher action, not a lot of highs, and a cheaper fit and finish. the jasmine is nice but i haven't spent enough time playing it to give a true review.the yamaha fg700gs is definitely neat to look at, and has decent mids, but doesn't really have a great high to low end punch. now, it it quite a bit wider at the bottom so it has some more body, but, the sound range overall wasn't great. the bristol has great highs and plenty of deep lows in comparison. also, the fretboard felt a wee bit thicker on the yahama, though putting them next to the other guitars it looked about the same.can't help but think that the reviews here are a bit "hive mind" where everybody buys into a hype. maybe i got a dud guitar, but i doubt it, they're all made in the same factory. 2
this is a lemon oil used for cleaning and conditioning the rosewood fingerboards of guitars. this only gets done once a year on the average guitar, so if you're like me, this one bottle will supply you for many lifetimes. other than that, it is what it is and does what it says. the applicator contains a dispensing valve so push down hard to open it when you want the oil to flow.the label says not to use this product on maple fingerboards. doesn't say why, but my guess is it will discolor them, so be forewarned. 4
if you're a metalhead, stay away!! i tried this on multiple metal pedals and the peavey rogue g10 blows it out of the water. this thing sounds like crap with anything distortion. it's great for jazzy blues and an ultra clean tone though or that classic fender crunch. but if you demand metal, get far away! 1
a little small for my taste, very thin, but works well and dunlop products have always peased me as a professional musician. 3
the taylor strap is very nice and works like a strap should. you will notice that it does not slip around once over the shoulder like the nylon cheap straps do. 5
soi f you want to turn distor t off,u cannot.dig?it s always on...alwaysif you like hard rock that wayu need this tiny gig thingie 2
this isn't a review of these strings so much as a warning or caveat for those of you playing guitars with floating bridges (usually for a whammy bar) and not using these heavier strings already.i wanted a little fuller sound than the 10-46 slinky strings (aka regular slinky) and the idea of some driving base appealed to me so ordered the beefy's. i strung them up but had a hard time tuning the guitar. every time i got the higher strings in tune, the lowers would go down as much as a half note. it took awhile to realize that my floating bridge was coming off the body as i tightened the strings. so i pulled the back plate off my strat and set to off tighten down the the tensions screws. i made about 5 adjustments each time retuning the guitar to check my progress. the final time i tightened them down, the high e string broke. since these were my only beefy's, my day was done with these strings. however, given how far i tightened the tension screws, i think i would have had to purchase an additional tension spring (not too expensive or difficult to install if you have the inclination to do it) to get the bridge flush with the body.as i said, this isn't a knock of these strings. i never really got a chance to play them. just a heads up for anyone moving up to these heavier strings. it can be quite a shock the first time your see your bridge sticking out at a 45 degree angle to your guitar and if you aren't careful, you can damage your guitar. 4
these things are terrible. one wouldn't fit in my soundboard, another wouldn't lock in my mic. plain and simple....if your looking for crap that doesn't work....buy this. 1
these are nice,and this was easily the best price around. these are made in japan, and i believe they're made for fender by gotoh, so they're good quality. but i was annoyed that they ( the bushings) didn't fit the "standard,vintage-sized" .340" holes in my all-parts neck ( they're a little large).so be aware of that. 3
behringer is a problematic company for me. some of their stuff has been useful far beyond its modest, entry-level pricing (e.g. a-500 studio amplifier, uca-202 dac, eurorack ub-502 mini-mixer)...and some of their stuff hasn't served me well at all (e.g. gm-108 amplifier, btr-2000 rack tuner).across the web, reviews for the to-800 are uniformly favorable. based on this, i purchased one instead of paying many times more for an ibanez ts-808. this proved to be a good decision. the to-800 produces exactly the sort of sound enhancement that made "seasick green" justly famous: creamy smooth to raunchy depending on my whim.the same sound for a lot less money? what's the catch? i'm a musical hobbyist. the to-800 will sit safely on my office floor and, most likely, never be actuated by my foot. the behringer's shoddy plastic case and flimsy little control knobs, for me, are not liabilities. if i was a gigging musician on the other hand, i'd want the tank-solid construction of "the real thing" and its additional cost would be well justified. 5
looked like the chrome was cheesey and they ended up breaking but they worked while they were used in a guitar with the proper pinhole next to the screw position 2
bought this pick looking for options around the old "dropped pick" syndrome. i was skeptical, as the pick at first glance seems slicker than most. however, once between thumb and index finger, these darlings hang on! 4
well... it's not really too expensive, but it give you basically the same sound no matter how you set it.  even the crunch button is just a louder sound?  not a very good value unless you try it out first and this is exactly the sound you're looking for.  guess that's why it's so cheap. 1
cable would be o.k. if the end connections would stay screwed together. maybe some lock tight would help. these connectors worry me. 3
perfect retrofit for my 1989 american strat. the locking mechanism is strong. no problems at all. i like to stay brand loyal, so i honestly think these tuners will go on the rest of my fender collection. tuning is a breeze and is very stable. 5
i know the old saying you get what you pay for and that is just the case here.  the unit is very light weight and the legs are too small to hold any decent mic like a rode m1 mic or similar.i knew at this price it might not be great and took a shot, but i opened one, tried to use it and can't. it was a total waste of money, but doesn't pay to return it.  i suppose if you have a small mic that has basically no weight to it, it might serve your purpose.  again, you get what you pay for and these are indeed budget light stands. 2
these do a good job of isolating out the sound.  they work very well.  would recommend it to other people 4
this product has almost zero documentation in the box or on the akai pro website.  technical support is also almost zero.  akai seems to not care about getting new users up to speed on their products.  customer service is basically "if you have to ask, you should not buy this".  i asked the akai technical department which sequencer software i needed and they told me to go to a music store!  this may sound stupid but unless you have a lot of midi knowledge and experience don't buy this product.  try finding a midi tutorial that is usable.  good luck with that chore.added 08nov2010: the keyboard arrived with one of the bottom rubber footpads missing.  i sent an email to akai asking for a replacement but they do not have any parts.  i find that unbelievable. 1
it arrived on time, i have an epiphone hummingbird acoustic guitar, so i needed a pickup for do some recording,it works well but it's not very loud. this thing should sound louder, next time, i'll buy a duncan pickup. 3
a strap is a strap, what can you really say about it? it was about $5 with prime shipping and connected to my guitar just fine. it's comfortable and fits my bass well. i'm a bigger guy and have plenty of length if i needed it. nice value. 5
with drum pads, i basically either get 0 velocity, or max.  and i have to really hammer on them to trigger.  hurts after a while.likes:+ size+ assignable knobs.+ works good w/ ableton livedislikes:- drum pads!keys are pretty cheesy but workable and expected for this price and size.i'm looking to upgrade after a month.. want better drum pads.  :-/ 2
well, i don't really know what else to say.. i ordered them for the guitar, though i won't be using them for the banjo. (i prefer the sound of clawhammer banjo)the thumb picks fit my thumb perfectly, and the finger picks only needed a tiny squeeze to stay put. they feel kind of alien right now, as it's the first time i've ever wore finger picks, but i'll get used to them eventually :p. 4
manufacturer's website claimed that this case would fit a les paul style guitar. i have an esp eclipse. not even close. chromacast products are great. they need to fix the info on their web page. i'm not a fan of shaped les paul cases. too bad. 1
like other reviewer wrote previously, i received less picks than advertised (i received a total of 7 picks). i don't know if the people at customs "borrowed" some from me, but i find very strange that more than one person is having the same problem. other than that, the picks are good, seem to be durable and produce a nice sound. 3
i bought the wall mounts for a more permanent solution, but this lightweight little stand is sturdy and adjustable. i just move it around the house wherever i feel like playing. fold it up to take with me when i go out of town. everyone who sees it loves it. 5
i bought these strings after buying some elixir strings for my acoustic, which i was pretty happy with.  for my strat, however, these strings did not sound right from the start. after about a week i really started wondering if it was just in my head or if i really didn't have sustain that i thought i usually got from a new pair of strings.  i convinced myself that it was these strings that were causing all my problems, and i was right.  i put a pair of d'addario xl 9.5 (highly recommended for those players who can't decide between 9s or 10s) and was amazed at how much tone and sustain i was losing with these elixir strings.  i did feel like i could move up and down the fretboard easily with these strings, but the lack of sustain and tone have forced me to stay way from these electric strings permanently.  don't let the higher price on these strings entice you, go with a good set of d'addario or ernie ball strings for consistent long-lasting strings. 2
the threads can sometimes come undone slightly and make you itch if they come in contact with skin, but it's still a great strap and holds up solidly. would certainly buy again. 4
i'm a pro-cheapo and i hated this thing. they're noisy, and the cables feel really cheap, gummy-like. drop few more bucks and get something else! 1
i had a hard time lineing them up to install .the little knob on them made it very hard to install.so good luck .. 3
i love this amp. here are the reasons: solidly made, everything is high quality.  best of all it comes with fender fuse software whereby you can hook it up to your pc using the usb cable (included) and &#34;control&#34; all of the amps features over and above the actual settings on the amp(without even touching the knobs) including special effects like various stomp box add-ins, effects like reverb, distortion, phaser, factory presets on the dials etc and you can even select different amps on the pc screen visually. you can also go online through the app and download presets other people have created. if you want to play a pink floyd song you can download a david gilmour preset and there you go. you got your dark side of the moon and the wall preset ready to go.  this is so cool and 20 watts beats 10 and works for me.  i can record directly from the amp into my pc mixpad software program. 5
not a great mic, but if you need something realitively cheap, it'll do.  limited dynamic range.  but, it works.  wish i'd have gotten something a little nicer though. 2
if you're looking for the perfect patch cables for your effects board, these are it. very well-manufactured, durable, and reliable, i'll use these again and again 4
bought it after read reviews. i had signal loss using these cables.. it's like having a loose connection inside the cable. my connections were on and off, i thought i had a dead pedal.. i have to wiggle and hold to get signal. it's too flexible almost like twizzlers (no kidding!). if you want a cheap and reliable pedal cables, go get the one from pro co, i bought it very cheap from sweetwater on ebay, surprisingly very good quality and looks durable! 1
this tuner is amazing, even more so considering the price. it's chromatic, so it will tune anything! i tune electric and acoustic guitars, bass, ukulele and mandolin with it! i've bought three for gifts... it's great.sooooo, everything i said initially is still true... it's a fantastic little tuner... but i've broken two of them. (where the clip attaches to the tuner - as in a multitude of other reviews...)this tuner *is* amazing... but fragile! 3
i have k&k pickups in other guitars.  this is the first one i've bought that had the smaller transducers.  it needs a preamp unlike the now discontinued pure western with the larger transducers.  like other k&k pickups it sounds darned good.  with a decent pa head and good speakers you can get a very natural sound with hardly any tweaking.  the pickup is easy to install if you can ream out the end pin hole to accommodate the strap jack.  this one comes with an ingenious diy installation jig made from, i'm not kidding, cardboard, golf tees, and double sided tape.  it makes placement a snap.  the best pickup is still an external mic, but for noisy situations where feedback is a problem these pickups are the answer.  you can induce feedback but you can go to an adequate level for most situations.  they sound much more natural than a magnetic or under saddle pickup. 5
it's semi-secure on carpeting or hard floor, but all together i am pretty unsatisfied with this stand. the bottom piece has no way to lock in place, and although with the guitar on it it is more stable, i am not comfortable enough risking my wonderful guitar to something rather flimsy...i prefer the one that is mounted on the wall as more stable overall. this one? meh. not worth the purchase in my opinion... booooooooo. 2
i was looking for picks comparable to the three that came with my fender beginner's mandolin set, worried i'd permanently lend them out or otherwise lose them. having a dozen similar--a few for me and a few to share--meets the need! he heavy feel and very rounded edges make for a very mellow sound and allow for a quiet practice, especially when compared to lighter weight and pointer guitar picks. 4
downgrade to 1-o star after returning it back to brookmays, the seller:i am really disappointed by the seller, brookmays', ignorant responses to my return of the defective cherbub guitar pickup, which picks up unwanted noise by the wire's own movements and the high frequency of feedback that other pickup won't have the same issue.  after two weeks of the returned item was delivered, i didn't hear anything from the seller regarding the return, so i emailed to the seller to see if we can settle it asap.  too bad, four days after the email had been sent, i only got the email of telling me the case# of the message i sent without any further response to my refund.  until my patience is gone to deal with this hassle, and i don't think it's worth to waste more time on it, despite the fact of wasting the time and money i spent on this useless pickup and the shipping costs. therefore, yesterday, i emailed my last contact to the seller regarding the refund of the purchase and gonna report this to amazon about the bad after-sale service i ever have before if i still haven't heard from the seller shorty.today, i finally received the seller's response to my refund, the seller denies the issues of the pickup and claims, "it was not defective. all pickups are going to get unwanted noise if you move the guitar. the feedback can be to to many other issues. i have issued the refund of $7.04."  obviously, the reply is unconvincing; although the feedback can be raised from varies issues, i have tried with another pickup to the same directions and setups, but it doesn't have such problems at all.  the fact is not all pickups get unwanted noise although i didn't try many pickups.  cherub guitar pickup doesn't work as the product description to pickup the original tones of the instrument regardless the surrounding noises.  moreover, the unwanted loud noise from its wire movements is really annoying, and there's no way to stop the wire movements while strumming. indeed, i won't use it, and i don't want it to sit at my house as a useless property, so returning back to the seller may help to improve the issues it has.  however, the hassles i got from the seller is totally unexpected and it's not worth at all.by the way, i'm also unhappy about the refund of &7.04, i bought it for $8.79 along with amazon free shipping of the purchase of $25 or more.  to me, it is not the money of $1.75, but it's not fair to the buyer, who doesn't get the right service and quality from the purchase but only wastes the times and money on this matter. so if you really need a pickup for your instrument, i highly recommend you to spend few more dollars to get a much better and reliable one. don't make the same mistake as i did to try this one because of the cheap price, in turn, you may get more hassles than you expect on such cheap merchandise.  i don't want that happens to anyone else, so i decided to tell you what i went through to keep you from the possible hassles before betting on it.2 stars for the 1st review after using it twice:i like the clip-on design, which is easy to use, so it is worth 2 stars; however, it doesn't work well clipping on small soundholed string instruments like ukes and kid size guitars because it touches the strings.  besides that, it also picks up loudly through the wire's own movements, not as the description "regardless the surrounding noises."  i have distressed from those unwanted loud noises.  one more thing that it somehow produces much higher feedback to the mini amp that i use, and i have to turn the volume as low as possible to prevent the high frequency of feedback. however, when i switch to another pickup with the same setup on mini amp and acoustic guitars or uke. the amp doesn't have any feedback even turning it to almost the highest volume, and the other pickup doesn't have the unwanted noise from its own movement either.  i don't know whether is my lack of luck or the poor pickup i got ... i bought it because its cheap price (less than $9) & clip-on design, but, i can't accept the noises and i have to waste my shipping cost to return it back to the seller. so, if you want to give it a try, you may bear in mind that the seller, brookmays, doesn't take any responsibility for the shipments even the item doesn't work properly as claimed description. good luck then! 1
this makes winding strings much faster, but it does feel flimsy, and the end piece doesn't fit over my tuing pegs correctly, so it's a bit of a haslle getting started. other than that it's great for the price, but not a must have 3
this stand (it just arrived in the mail) will be durable in the years to come with my music i can tell. awesome stand and i would recommend to anyone! 5
i don't know who designed the leg feature of this thing, but they need to go back to engineering school. when you unlock the legs to put them into their useable position, they're quite difficult to pop open, and once opened into place, you can see distinct spots where the paint has worn off, because the fit is too tight inside the upper body of the stand.it'd truly be nice to come across a good stand like this that used button locks to hold the legs in place, and that had more of an upright angle for the guitar. i just don't like the features of this stand at all. 2
i was unaware when i originally purchased these that there was a threaded mic mount on the back extension pole. i already had a couple 13" posi-lok boom arms that i popped on them and was able to reclaim two floor mic stands and save a little bit more floor space. they are fairly well constructed for the price and fit perfectly in my small home studio. the mics are now perfectly positioned and dont get kicked around anymore. 4
i honestly don't see the purpose.  it doesn't seem to have improved my experience with my strings on my guitar.  i've used it a few times, but don't see the benefit.edit 5/30/13:after coming back to read the other reviews, it's obvious what happened:  this was shipped to me completely dry.  there was no grease/lubricant qualities.  it was like a dry erase pad.  they need to improve their quality control.  i'm changing my rating from 3 star to 1 star.  they have to find a way to fully secure this gap or maybe consider enhanced vacuum sealing packaging.i would suggest if you receive this product and it hasn't dried out yet, to place this product in a air-tight ziplock bag to reduce the likelihood of this drying out. 1
we all have different tastes in guitar picks, i know,  as i wrote elsewhere, the dunlop tortex are awful for acoustic, in my opinion.  these ultex are much better.  not as noisy, better feel.  still not my favorites.  i'll have them with me for spares. 3
fit my mim strat perfectly, not much else to say.  always buy fender parts for fender guitars, dont be cheap and order china copies on ebay, they wont fit. 5
tuner works great. both by vibration and mic.only real problem is the fact that the joint between the tuner and the clip is really weak. mine broke off... not even a year old. 2
seriously, this is a great pedal. i can't improve upon what others have said, but i will mention a few points.1. i use this after the preamp or dirt boxes for a lead tone, or to add more crunch to my fender frontman 212 when inserted in the effects loop. it's run before time based effects (delay, phaser, etc) for me.2. i sometimes use it before the distortion as a clean booster, while focusing one of the sliders to boost a few frequencies.3. if it gets noisy or "self oscillates" after a while, change the battery to a fresh one. better yet, use an ac adapter.i found out about the last issue after reading a few harmony central reviews. otherwise, it's been on my setup for about seven years. i take care of my stuff. 4
i am a long-time musician with lots of experience with tuners and stringed instruments ... wanted to like this ... but ...first the positives:- looks great- nice, easy to read display- the screen pivots in almost every direction to suit your needs- the clip seems sturdy- tuner is compact- nice pricenow the significant disappointment:- inaccuratethe settings were on a-440 but every time i tuned an acoustic instrument with this thing, the tuning was sharp ... i tested this not only by ear but against other tuners ... very disappointing ... i have used the old planet waves tuners for years and had settled on them as the best choice for the price; however, since d'addario now owns planet waves products, they have discontinued the tuner i like and only offer the ns mini tuner (it has its place i guess, but i much prefer the larger one ... too bad they made this decision imo) ...i haven't settled on my new tuner of choice yet so for now i will keep using my old planet waves models ...bottom line, no matter how nice the snark is in many ways, the primary function is to help the musician tune accurately, not only string to string but to a standard a-440 ... having failed that requirement, it is useless for me, especially in a band situation ... 1
i like this for getting rid of all those extra adaptors you have to have a special power strip for, and it works well for most of my ibanez, mxr and boss pedals that have an outside adaptor socket.  it doesn't seem to work so well with my vox wah, my old mxr distortion plus and my fulltone pedals. i'm using the 9v battery adaptor for the wah and my dist+, and i get a really weird random squealy noise from the wah (not the same one you get when the wah is not playing well with another pedal in your chain) and intermittant operating problems with the dist+.  i get a slightly louder hum from the fulltone pedals when they're on, but my newer boss/ibanez/mxr pedals have no issues at all.  the one spot is not a regulated power supply (if it was, they'd say so), so maybe that's the culprit; not sure. 3
i've had several pods and have never really been impressed with their tone. right out of the box, the hd 500 totally blew me away. i know their marketing calls it "hd" because of the added tonal characteristics, and it's true - there is a huge difference between the hd series and the older pods. i can't really say why they sound better, but to my ears the amp models sound significantly better than the older pods without much tweaking and no eqing (although one can tweak the tone with several eqs).one complaint with the older pods (that i agree with) was that one could never seem to get a great high gain tone. this is not the case with the hd 500. i've been able to get some great high gain tones out of it without much work.at first, i purchased theline 6 pod hd 300because i didn't see the value of the hd 500. after thinking about it, i decided to pick up the hd 500 and compare the two pedals. i definitely think the hd 500 is worth the extra cash, even for a hobbyist such as myself. there are extra controls on the looper, and extra record time. the wah pedal seems to be better constructed on the 500s (i could be wrong, but i do remember them being different). the dual tone feature and flexible routing options of the hd 500 are amazing. i'm sure i'm forgetting some differences, but i know i'm happy that i went with the hd 500 over the hd 300.the drivers seem to work great on both windows 7 pro 64-bit and mac os 10.6 (they have 64-bit mac drivers now). the included software is ok - i get the feeling they are still building it out. it's a bit glitchy but seems to work ok for the most part. the software updater works great and i've already had a couple of firmware updates since i purchased the hd 500 (bug fixes). there is also a much anticipated firmware upgrade coming at the end of this month that will add six more amp models and several adjustable parameters that are supposed to really help dial in the correct "tube amp feel and behavior".i nearly purchased the m13 to plug into myfender super champ xd electric guitar amplifier, but i noticed the hd 500 had the same number of effects plus amp modelling for the same price! i know the two pedals are designed for different purposes, but for me the hd 500 made much more sense. i can use it to practice with headphones, or plug into my amp as an effects pedal. to use it as an effects only pedal, one need only disable the amp modeling and set the output mode to match the appropriate amp setup. i also decided to test playing the hd 500 directly into abehringer eurolive b215d active 550-watt 2-way pa speaker system with 15-inch woofer and 1.35-inch compression driver, which may replace my other amps as my primary rig (i get the behringer today, so we'll see).the build quality over the pod x3 live has improved. the case is now entirely metal vs. a combination of metal and plastic. i can definitely see this being heavy road/gig worthy. i also purchased agator gk2110 compact keyboard gig bag, which fits the hd 500 (albeit very snugly).overall i'm very happy with this setup, and recommend this amp modeler/effects pedal to anyone looking to practice at home (especially with headphones) on a wide variety of musical styles. 5
the wire clipper and winder work o.k., but the pin puller is badly designed and doesn't slip under the ball of the pin in order to lift it out. bad design by someone who doesn't use it to pull pins out of a bridge. i end up using a jim dunlop capo to pull bridge pins out. i've done it successfully for years. 2
great little amp, but get a tube amp if you're serious about playing guitar. it will sound a lot better and it's not too much more expensive. solid state just isn't the same.i'll also say that it's quite difficult to get a natural sound out of this amp without a lot of tweaking. even then, you won't get a great clean tone. the fender champ x2 is a great alternative to the more expensive and desiralble vintage fender vibro champ. go with quality and save yourself a future purchase (resale vale is great on the x2 as well). 4
i have a real problem with these patch cables.  i got them as a christmas gift but they don't stay in my pedals' input jacks without causing problems and having to push them in on occasion.  most problematic is the connection between my ehx memory boy and digital memory man... never had problems with any other cables here, but these refuse to stay put without having to constantly adjust. 1
this is a great guitar once you change the strings, as suggested. great portability for the price.however - having read reviews across multiple sites, i too am a victim of the horrible glue smell that so many others have complained about. i really liked the guitar, so i purhcased it from two separate retailers, but had to return both due to the horrific smell. i even tried contacting the manufacturer to send a "smell-free" case... and they sent a case. but it stunk too. it's a shame, i had to return them, because they were nice little guitars. 3
great stand, holds my mid sized keyboard up very well.  not sure how it works for some behemoths but for the basic setup its fine. 5
compression/sustain wise, this unit is decent but i cannot abide the noise ... i tolerated it for a while but wound up pulling it for a cleaner compressor ... 2
this simple tool helps protect my guitar from scratches when i'm changing strings, or just cleaning it up.  it's a foam cushion with a neck supporter.  it rolls up together into a small and convenient plastic tube for storage.  well worth it. 4
i might have done something wrong...i read in a review that these hold six picks.it held three real well but on the fourth insert the thing just fell apart...i'll just keep using my pockets. 1
it may be a challenge to assemble it.i personally found it a challenge to assemble it but that is just how i am wired.i am not 'good' at putting things together without help.good product after you get it assembled.james :) 3
i am just learning the mandolin and bought this as a afterthought and i am glad i did, i am a longtime guitar player and the way you hold a pick for a guitar and for a mandolin are totally different combine this with the twin string setup on the mandolin and how close the twin strings are to each other and i have suddenly developed a case of the clumsys as far as keeping hold of my pick, its bad enough dropping my pick in the middle of a jam session but it would be worse having to go fishing around for it or a replacement, i stuck this on the back of my mandolins head between the strap and the tuners so when i drop my pick i just flick a new one out and continue on. 5
bought this for a friend. cheap plastic enclosure. affects noticeably your guitars tone and is not exactly a useable delay. he tried to use it for his cleans for our punk ska band but there was no messing with the controls to get a suitable delay. stay away from this one and get a better used pedal. 2
i bought this to keep the saliva on the mic to a minimum.  should work just fine.  i also bought the green one. 4
it's a decent unit, but stopped working completely after about 6 months. tried everything i could, but it's gone. i would not recommend this pedal. 1
i does the job that i wanted it for. just to keep picks in my guitar case. it's okay but it could be better. 3
i ordered these because i wanted to deck the tremolo on my strats because i don't really use the trem. i have a modern american standard and an american vintage reissue hot rod 62 strat. there are differences in the bridge and tremolo block but as far as i can tell the springs are the same other than the modern ones are black. my standard now has 3 black and 2 silver springs but the 62 hot rod has 5 of the silver which are a perfect match for the ones that it came with. easy to install and works like a charm. 5
i purchased this instrument brand new, on an impulse whim due to a managers-choice sale at a local music shop that i simply could not ignore.  it was brand new, unopened, in box.  they allowed me to examine it prior to purchase. in that environment i thought it a nice instrument.however, it can be difficult to properly examine an instrument in a busy store, and that store was very busy and noisy.  it's when you get it home and can examine it leisurely in peace and quiet that the details stand out.this is indeed a 6-string ukulele.  it measures a bit over 28" top to bottom and has the sound of a baritone uke.  i have heard throatier and more mellow instruments in the same price range.  the advantage to this of course is it's 6 string, so if you're a guitar player you can achieve the ukulele sound and portability without learning totally new fingering.... that is of course, until you realize that while it has 6 strings, it is not tuned like a guitar.  it's tuned to adgcea rather than eadgbe.  one cannot simply play guitar music on this instrument; all such music has to be transposed or new chord name recognition learned.  being a total newbie to ukes, this was news to me until i got it home and read the instructions.  so my primary purpose in purchasing this-- to have a small portable guitar, hit a snag.now that's not totally the end of the thing, because you can be a little inventive and use alternate string sizes to tune this to standard guitar tuning.  it takes a bit of experimentation but it is possible to set this up to standard guitar tuning if one doesn't mind buying a couple of string sets and playing mixup.  so all is not lost there.  it was just an unexpected surprise-- mainly because i didn't research the instrument prior to purchase (it's rare that i impulse buy).so tuning aside we get to the quality of instrument.  that's where the yamaha really falls short.  this is an oil rather than a lacquer or shellac finish and in several places the oil was still visible and could be wiped away by hand.  there were a couple of glitches in the finish straight out of the box.  that this was a "rush job" out of a factory with no finish work at all was blatantly obvious.there are no strap pegs; those will require being added by hand (not difficult, but extra expense and time).the action is of course too high.  that's not unusual-- in truth it's quite common in off-the-shelf stringed instruments and came as no surprise.  but along with the other failures in workmanship it stood out here.however, the thing that bothers me the most:  if i wasn't aware this is a yamaha guitalele... i'd think it's was a cheap knock-off child's guitar.  there's not one thing about this instrument that says "quality"-- which is quite disappointing.  this instrument sells for about $100.  that low cost is obvious.  this is a "cheap guitar" in every way.  i can't honestly say it's a toy, but it reeks "beginner instrument".  the tuners are as cheap as they come,  the finish is cheap, there is no decoration, no protective edging. the finish is-- unfinished.i bought this solely based on the number of positive reviews here on amazon-- and i respect those reviews.  people have different tastes and for some folks this has a "home made" feel that they will love.  however i've been playing guitar for (mumblety mumble) deca...uh... years and i know the difference between quaint and cheap.  i own two ovation guitars, a peavey electric bass, a hand-made violin and an epiphone electric uke (which is of such higher quality it's not even a contest. and no i'm not hawking epiphone.  facts is facts, that's all.  you can read my very-positive review on the epiphone on amazon).when i got this  home and took a good look at it, i found no sign of quality or craftsmanship, nothing that said anything more than "this was made as cheaply and quickly as humanly possible".  in truth the only positive thing i have to say about it is that it does have a spruce top and the strings are of reasonably decent quality.other than those two factors, one can find $40-$50 full-size guitars all over amazon that equal or surpass this instrument in quality.  the only benefit this would offer is its smaller size and ukulele voice-- if someone particularly wants an inexpensive portable guitar tuned like a uke.  other than its portability, i find no special merit in this and even at its relatively low price... consider it over-priced (or rather, under-made).one must grant it's largely a matter of personal taste and expectation.  but low quality is low quality.(edit two weeks later:  i just today saw the cordoba at a local store-- a direct competition to this instrument.  the cordoba is much nicer.  it's built better, has better sound, and is finished out much more nicely.  sorry yamaha, but facts is facts.  had i seen the cordoba and yamaha side by side, i'd have bought and kept the cordoba.)that's my honest review.  i know some will disagree.  but others know exactly what i mean.  this isn't an expensive instrument so one really can't expect super-fine quality at this price. however-- i paid about the same price for my electric uke and it is superb quality from top to bottom.  as mentioned, the cordoba is a better instrument and costs the same.fortunately the local merchant has a satisfaction guarantee and i was able to return it.  i simply cannot recommend this instrument unless there are no better options-- and frankly, there are. 2
a little bigger than my other pick holder, so the pics aren't as fluid sliding in and out. great price though. 4
total flimsy junk. it leans wayyy too far back. i'll be damned if i put my $1000 guitars on these things. on the other hand, chromacast makes one that's very close to this price, and i doubt that it could have been more for the money i paid.in summary... do not buy this piece of junk. 1
it's perfectly fine for standard, fairly stationary use. we use these at my church, and they get moved around a little bit, but not much. for the price, they are surprisingly solid, and they work perfectly fine.of stands in this price range, this is at the top of what i've experienced.it's easily adjustable, the screws stay tight once adjustments are made, it's light but not so light that it tips or blows over, the feet keep it steady on the floor and from wobbling.seriously, for those who don't need a stand that can handle touring or lots of fiddling around, this is the one to go with.if you need a stand to handle doing live gigs and/or going on tour, shipping around in airplanes or vans, etc., you will need to go up a notch or two in quality (and, sadly, price). 3
i have many expensive cases for my guitars and recently started playing bass,  but not too serious just wanted a nice little case for it. boy was i surprised, this case is awesome, great quality, fits bass without any problems and the storage inside is great. definetly reccomend this case 5
tc is very overrated.many pedals i have out performs this in my opinion.  the vintage bbds (mxr vintage delay, morley 70's echo) for example just take it.  but for newer pedals i liked the mxr carbon copy and ibanex de 7 much better. 2
i've always been a fan of these fender classic picks. they just feel right, wear very well, and make a nice sound in conjunction with a good set of strings on my telecaster. i also think the price is pretty fair. 4
i bought one of each soft, medium and hard wedgie rubber picks and even though the colours were right, the hard is as soft as the soft. they felt exactly the same in fact. the medium was the hardest out of the bunch.packaging error? i have no idea. the fact that each stiffness only comes in one colour and the colours were right lead me to think something is wrong with the manufacturing. so check with what you get.sound wise, the rubber really removes the treble on my acoustic guitar, making it sound really dull and muted.there is a lot more friction from the rubber on the strings that i do not think it is idea for strumming.the only reason i can think of using is if you want to reduce the noise but frankly, you would have much more control if you used your fingers instead. 1
cheaply made and thin leather leave a lot to be desired. at least it's long enough for even the lowest slung of guitar postures. this should accomadate a bass as well due to the extra length.i am comparing it to $10 guitar center straps which have double leather ends which are much sturdier than the ones on this ernie ball strap, which are thin and single ply. i wouldn't trust this strap without a strap lock. 3
everything you need to make replacing strings nice and easy, add a headstand to hold the headstock up and you are set 5
i bought this capo thinking it would look slicker without the clamp handles sticking out but what i found is that although it looks cool, it's complicated (which for a capo is saying something). the release lever makes it difficult to get a good amount of pressure on the strings and nearly impossible to put it at the top of the guitar when not in use.bottom line: if you don't mind the extra effort and don't plan on keeping it on your guitar when not using, then maybe you will enjoy it. for everyone else, look elsewhere. 2
i got this at a great price so decided to give a strobe tuner a try. if you're accustomed to vibration tuners it takes some getting used to it. while it may technically be more accurate than the cheaper vibration tuners, this advantage is of limited use given that the tuning of guitars still has to have some compromise from perfect in order to be well intonated. one advantage over the clip on tuners (by the way, you can't beat snarks for the price) is that because it is electronically connected to the guitar it is not affected but other instruments that may be playing at the same time. i've noticed that while trying to tune when playing live by clip on tuner seemed to get &#34;confused&#34; by other instruments. 4
i got a few of these as a christmas gift and they're just bad.  i put them on my pedalboard where i previously had longer cables and these just didn't stay in the jack.  i have no other problems with these jacks with any other cable but these.  if i play loudly and my room vibrates a bit, the cable even works its way out of the jack a little bit and cuts my signal.  awful. 1
i received these tascam headphones as part of the amazon vine review program.  i was excited to receive them, as i've looked at them many times and considered ordering due to the reasonable price point and 'professional grade' designation.i'm not an audiophile, nor am i snob about audio devices.  any brand that works well at the right price, i'll buy it.  that being said, i've recently been fortunate enough to get to try out lots of headphones, with thebose ae2w bluetooth headphones - blackbeing the most recent.obviously the bose beat the tascam ones, so it would be unfair to compare them other than to say that 'sound wise' you can really tell a difference in the mid and high range.  these tascam th-2000-r 'professional grade' headphones don't sound clear to me in the mid and high ranges.  bass is great, but even when tweaking the equalizer settings i never could find the clarity i was seeking in the full range.i listened to several genres: classical, blues, pop, rock, electronic, country, and latino with these headphones.  each time, the quality was good, but not great despite attempted software and device adjustments on my iphone, pc andyamaha rx-v675 7.2 channel network 3d av receiver with airplay (black).the fit of the headphones is big for me.  usually, they are too small.  having them as small as i could make them (top of my head to ears), the cups still dropped down a bit lower than i liked. i had to hold them in place to get a solid fit.  the padding underneath the headpiece is minimal, and after about 15 minutes of use the top of my head hurt.the build quality of these phones appears to be excellent. the cord is thick and can be extended to an estimated 6'.  the screw on adapter: 1/8(3.5mm) to 1/4(6.3mm) allows for use with multiple devices, stereo components and sound boards.  the foldable design does allow for some size reduction, but not much.these headphones will appeal to those who like heavy bass.  great for those who want the chunky headset look, are on the go djing, and/or have larger heads.they are not for those looking for a wide range and subtlety in their listening.  they're also not for those with smaller heads. 3
i don't know if 39" (from the top of the headstock to the bottom of the body {i know guitars are based on the size of the frets but no idea how to do that} ) is the normal size for an adult...however for $50 (its on sale at the time) even if its not i can still learn to play since thats why i bought it is to learn...the pick guard had some sort of plastic cover that was rough but doesn't really affect anything, since it seems like something was put on it to help shipping once removed the pick guard is fine.all togther whether its a full size adult or just one for kids its still pretty good.i am happy with it.good clean sound, at least with my headphone amp (only amp i have).comes with whammy bar(thats what i know it as), one volume, two tone, the pickup sector switch, the cord that connects your guitar to your amp.**edit**so now that amazon has grouped the guitar with many others (mostly the color differences) and that i have a little bit more knowlage of the guitar, not saying much really but a little bit, i have found that mine has two dead spots on the volume... not much of an issue, for me at least but worth mentioning. 5
bought this rosin to see how i would like it.  i have a very light hand on the bow, so i like a rosin that is on the aggressive side.  this is not.  since all fiddlers have their own styles you have to deal with trial & error. 2
i've used this pedal with a casio px200 keyboard for about 6 weeks now.pros:-sturdy construction (compared with the plastic footswitch type pedals that come with keyboards).-polarity switch - i was using a yamaha fc4 with an older keyboard, but the fc4 does not work properly with the casio keyboards.  it's a tip-negative polarity, and the privia requires a tip-positive polarity.  so the piano would operate in reverse (sustain on until the pedal is depressed).  thankfully, the sp-2 has a switch on the bottom that can switch and accomodate any keyboard.-cord is long enough (6')con:-build quality is slightly less than the fc4.  the fc4 has a smooth action (made in japan), but the sp-2 had some problems with the metal spring squeaking.  some lubricant helped to fix most of the squeaking.the sp-2 also comes with a plastic cap if you prefer to cover the metal pedal.  overall, it is a solid product and almost a necessary upgrade for the plastic footswitch pedals. 4
i wanted to like this. i really did. the idea of an amp this portable and cheap just made me think, &#34;perfect&#34;. however, the unit i received was cr@p, and i'm going to assume it was defective and not blanket all the positive reviews with dispersions. the one i got kept cutting in and out. you might be playing a solo line and you might hear about 75% of the notes or something. and when holding a chord, the sustained sound would cut out after a few seconds. frustrating.i did weigh whether or not to try a replacement unit. the so-so sound and overall quality however didn't compel me to give it another go. bummer. any suggestions for an amp of similar size and portability?cheers 1
this device is ok. it is light weight and folds nicely, but it is not especially stable. convenient storage is its biggest plus. 3
a classic mic clip -- simple, inexpensive and durable enough. keep several spares in your kit; even the expensive ones break. 5
i really wanted this to be a great product.  the screws strip out too easily.  basically, if you put a microphone in it, and ever have to use it for a microphone, it is going to strip out.  i had two of them and was hoping that the first one was a lemon.  nope.  even the pop filter fell off.  i love the design, but they need to make them strong enough to handle the weight of a microphone and strong enough to handle regular studio usage... ex:  adjusting the position of the mic, picking up a mic stand and moving it, etc.  otherwise, don't have an adjustable tilt option.  just make it one solid piece.  i'm tempted to try to fix it with gorilla glue because i do love the design.  it's just not strong enough.  not that it's a surprise though.  not much of anything is worth the money these days.  it's a damn chore to return every friggin' purchase these days that they don't really have to care about actually testing products.  why should they?  they already have your money.  i feel like i should get paid for testing their products and the time spent un-boxing and packing things back up.  besides, what are they going to do?  replace it with another broke a$$ product?  better yet, refund my money for the product i paid - minus shipping????  that doesn't include the time i spent trying to prevent you from buying one and testing their damn product in the first place.  i want a refund, plus an hourly wage.  whatever, don't buy one.  companies that don't test their products don't deserve your business.  what would make me happy, is for one of these companies that make these products to answer the question(s):  did you test this product?  how did you test it?  what were your results?  is it ready to be sold to the public with confidence?nope 2
windows 7 install worked fine.i use mixcraft pro 6 and it's working well.i did have an issue with the drivers, since i had too many midi devices, but the fix wasn't too hard. 4
sorry fender...this one is just a waste of money.  get something better that doesn't twist up an ravel into knots. 1
these are good. i dont see that they are any better than other basic strings in their price range.  they all work well.  length of being brillant is somewhat limits, but it appears to be in most of these level of strings. 3
i love adding channels to amps, and that is exactly what this pedal does. it helped me create a separate fuzz/distortion channel that makes my rig extra versatile. it's built to last and solid as a rock. i love the different dirt it gets combined with my mxr carbon copy nooned across the board. insanity! i love my main rig distortion, but this definitely helps add depth, and doesn't tank my tone. last distortion pedal you'll ever need. 5
i bought these just to add a layer of sound in my blues tunes i record, the notes don't bend easily...if you think your will cheat the big boys harps, youll be dissapointed quickly...these are little more than toys compared to $40 dollar harps, they feel cheap but have a decent sound ...i dont know if they will last, but to make harp noises without decent bends ... ill use these sparingly...jim 2
these are nice, i like the 1.14 rigidity and these are just fine for me... you will wear them out on acoustics though if you are a more aggressive player as i am.  once these are worn, as with most picks, they sound considerably different.  much more grainy and tin-y but that may be a plus for you?  i also like the side edges for a real mellow and / or speeding picking style.  they stay in your fingers well. 4
this capo isn't quite wide enough for my regular steel string acoustic guitar. if i position it just so it will work as long as i don't bump it or a string will pop out of one side. 1
sorry, but i'm not as smitten with this cloth as some of the other reviewers. it's okay; good size, works pretty well, but sheds when new. and despite claims of being laundry-safe, the edges began to unravel after the first wash. i used with planet waves restore polish and got good results, but probably would not buy again. 3
am totally pleased that i did not have to drill my guitar to use a strap on it ! works great,get one!!! 5
barring any interference from any other devices or radio stations broadcasting on the same frequency and any manufacturer's defects ... the unit does what it was meant to do. i do however question whether the word "pro" should apply to this system. although the 1/4 inch mono plug that comes with the receiver offers the ability of plugging directly into most powered speaker systems or to a mixer, the overall quality of the audio brought back memories of mornings standing outside the classroom with my schoolmates and listening first to the national anthem being played and then announcements coming out of the pa system. the signal does experience some fading when the transmitter is moved about. to its defense, it is fighting against a radio music station broadcasting at near band frequency which can be received if the transmitter is off or further than 25 feet away.after playing with the device for a couple more minutes, i noticed that any movement whether i kept the receiver and transmitter stationary and i moved about my home or moved just the transmitter about severely affected the quality of the reception. even the length of the mic cord, whether wound up or straight or even just gathered around the sending unit had an adverse effect on the sound output quality. yikes!!! perhaps its because of the competing signal its receiving from another source which i previously described above. i'm afraid this would not be a very usable and dependable device for my purposes. i'll probably be returning this unit asap. 2
fits nice and provides good protection. 4
i just got this and i've noticed that it when i activate the pedal it sucks almost all of the bottom end out of my tone... i have a crybaby that doesn't have the range the 847 does but its 10x's more transparent.  there may be other factors at play here as it is new, but the lesson is: try it before you just buy it to make sure it works for you. 1
i chose this rating because a fine paper towel seems to work just as well as this microfiber polish cloth. 3
only used it a couple times so far but i like it. i like how it glides onto the strings of my acoustic guitar. as someone else mentioned it's hard to get the cloth back into the clear plastic bag inside the lid, though. but otherwise i think it's great. i like how it smells (does that make me strange?). 5
not so pleased with this, the seller is fine, no prob. there, its that this mic for my use is useless, it records tooo low, cant get enough volume from it 2
i have been trying to find a good vibrato pedal for a long time. i have bought $150 pedals and $100 pedals and i got this one for $25 and it blows all the others out of the water. the only down side to this pedal is that you either need to run it off a 9volt or the behringer power supply. i couldn't get it to work properly with my pedalboard power or my pyle-pro ppdlp02 dc supply. the plastic case feels like it may break at anytime but aside from that i love this pedal more than a puppy playing a harp in the middle of a daisy field in michigan. 4
there is a problem with the design.  when you move the head, the 3 little plastic pieces that hold the ball that allows you to rotate the head, just break off.  the tuner itself is great, but the product fails because it broke in 5 minutes. 1
others that reviewed this item i read before purchase, noted it is not &#34;large&#34; and the picks have to be warmed and shaped to fit your thumb. i also found in original &#34;large&#34; size, the curve of the pick will cut into your thumb from improper shaping and being too small for the average american man. i am still in the process of shaping all 5, but otherwise they appear sturdy and i haven't broken more than one of similar type in several years. i expect the pick to wear down from use. they appear to be about the same quality as indigo brand, but not shaped as well for the average player. 3
good bottom, the stainless give's you a nice treble,there's still a good flatwound sound, i use roundwound on my other basses but it was nice to come back. 5
on the plus side, these monitors look and feel amazing.  they are coated in some kind of silky rubberized stuff and they are heavy and look neat.they don't sound horrible.  i mean, they are not computer speakers or anything.  the sound is very forward, i would say harsh.  that's not uncommon among studio monitors.  there is definitely a lot of clarity here.  not a ton of bass, but that's pretty much understood from monitors with woofers of this size.  there's a few schools of thought on studio monitors.  some people think they are basically for bringing out the warts in your music, others think they should sound more like a normal speaker.  these will be more pleasing to people interested in the first.  i definitely sounds like the music is right in your face when you are listening to this.  any flaws would be quite noticeable.i previously used krk rp8's so i can compare these to them.  granted, they are larger and more expensive, although they are also budget monitors.  i liked them better than these.  they were clear but also sounded nicer and, of course, had much more bass.i was going to put a woofer on these and burn them in...see if i could improve the situation...but one of the speakers starts to buzz about 5 minutes after it's turned on.  the buzz increases in volume over time.  i tried moving them to a different location, turning the volume down, even disconnecting the audio feed (so they were only plugged into the power).  nothing stopped the buzz.  if they are warmed up and you turn them off and then on again, the buzz starts up in more like 10 or 20 seconds.  so i sent them back.  i wasn't really impressed with the sound and i'm definitely not satisfied with the quality control, so i'm going to try some larger and more expensive monitors instead.  maybe behringer 3031a's or something.  i think it's worth an extra 200 dollars or so to get a full-sized monitor. 2
not perfect but a solid stand. prone to tipping over if you just toss your guitar onto it the way i do. and the bottom part that holds the guitar isn't fixed so it's good and bad. good because it'll hand nearly and shape guitar at odd angles. bad because if you just toss your guitar onto it the way i do, sometimes it just swings around annoyingly. 4
the material used is fine.  the looks are fine.  the length is horrible.  this is too short for most adults that play guitar.  it felt like i was holding my guitar around my neck instead of off my shoulders.  i attached it by the longest way possible and it was well short of what i could use.  to me this was a worthless purchase.  i just tucked it into a drawer and it will sit there and not be used again. 1
i wanted to wait till i got another phono preamp before i wrote this review. i did get this from amazontc 754 black phono preamplifier switchablei really needed more aux inputs for cd etc. but right away i noticed my first impression that it sounds overly bright. the next issue is a real problem but it might not be with others. i am using a vintage garrard turntable. the rca jacks work fine with all other amps etc except this little preamp. they are tight but do not make good contact and i need to mess with them. this problem is gone with the new preamp. overall it is a good little unit and you may not have the same issues. if you can afford more or need more inputs you might want to look else where. it does sound ok other than being a little bright. it does do what is supposed to do. 3
these are great strings for such a "rare" instrument. not many people play the baritone yuke - it has a unique quality to it, sort of like a miniature classical guitar. these strings sound full and warm on the instrument. 5
i honestly really didn't find this thing useful at all. first, the wire clipper side is relatively bulky (no flush cutting) and doesn't open easily (very stiff action), so trying to get the clipper onto the wire with the very small opening and at the same time peering over the tool itself as it blocks the view - ick. and as for the winder... i suppose if you are doing some heavy initial winding, it can get rather tiring twisting the tuner. but it is a tad big for tuner pegs on anything i used it on, so no nice &#34;tight&#34; fit, more of a &#34;jiggle&#34; fit. plus the clearance needed to actually swing the thing around means having the instrument laying flat on a table doesn't help. didn't even know there was a bridge pin puller on this thing. just looked at it... guess that notch in the peg winder is it.each time i have set out to use it, i end up turning my pegs manually and grimacing over the stiff action of the wire cutters while to align it on the string. i just recently ended up buying a set of crescent brand miniature cutters & needle-nose pliers set(the pliers are just the thing for pulling the strings and keeping tension while winding). when i have to redo my mothers acoustic guitar, i'll try the notch bridge peg puller. but other wise, this thing gets a serious two-star &#34;meh&#34;. 2
the fender 1 button footswitch is made specifically for the fender mustangs 1&2 it works exactly how i expected it to switches quickly and on point from effects though its only good for 2 effects (duh!) the right angled plug is annoying after awhile because its right next too where you plug your guitar in and oftens get tangled with my guitar cord making it look messy. other then that it gets the job done for when i practice & jam out with friends. 4
it was almost obvious this product would come from china but even worse when it ships from china.  any thing i have bought that was shipped directly from china has been much lower quality than anything retailers are even willing to sell.  if you can wait a month for delivery or longer, if you dont mind your guitar falling off the wall when the chinese quality lives up to its reputation then order up.  if you have over a $500 guitar be wise and buy an expensive one unfortunately they will most likely be made in china too. i have decided to build my own 1
guess this was an open box or dented box but the stuff inside seemed ok.  will need to check them next week or so. 3
